never start projects -

trouble maintaining any kind of work space or house work:
not for lack of trying. my cleaning happens in energetic bursts where I will plow through half the house for over an hour and throw everything away but regular maintainance and organization is impossible. things just happen as they happen with me and I can not direct the flow to control it.

forgetting important deadlines or intending to do something and losing track:
I'll sit down to accomplish something only to find hours later that my mind has wandered and my initial task was completely forgotten. I'll be distracted by anything and all of a sudden, I'm doing something completely different than what I intended.

socially percieved differences:
without a doubt, I am on a different mental wave than most people and many have a hard time keeping up with me and vice versa. I have trouble waiting for people to get to their points as my mind will wander and I will impatiently answer their questions before they're even done. staying on one topic is excruciatingly difficult and if I'm in a social group that seems stagnant, I get very anxious to change the pace to something more exciting. In a serious conversation, it seems impossible for me to consider and meditate upon what I'm going to say next and when I do communicate, it comes out jumbled and in the language of my scattered mind. 

inability to focus on a task to completion:
there are so many things that I've wanted to do that I've just barely started or not at all because I lack the capacity to sit down and finish them to completion. if I don't feel ready to do it right this moment, it will not happen. this tendency makes me get behind in all kinds of busy work that I have to push myself to catch up with in the last minute. knowing the difficulty I have in completing things, there are tons of projects that I never even start because I know I won't have the motivation or focus to actually take them somewhere. I live in a constant now that's disconnected from the greater scheme of things.

getting overwhelmed when trying to concentrate:
almost 100% of the time when I attempt to focus on a particular issue or task, it's painfully difficult to keep on track. my mind is like an extremely undisciplined child that I'm trying to beat into line. even when I genuinely am interested in focusing on something, my mental faculties are not and this has led me to feel incompetent when it comes to everyday things.

constant daydreaming/mind wandering:
my mind isn't inactive by AT ALL but the majority of the things that it tends to focus on are incredibly useless to me. I enjoy it when it's at it's best as I can be very random and creative - the life of the party or the conceptual artist - but when I'm not in the right scenario for this kind of spontaneity, I clumsily try to push myself through menial day to day routines. 

I am very impulsive.
I tend to operate on a small scale not taking into account the big picture of what is really going on. This shows itself best when it comes to money. No matter how hard I try to budget and spend wisely, I can't for the life of me keep track well enough to balance my finances. When I feel bad about this, I can recall many impulsive purchases that contributed to the situation which at the time, seemed perfectly reasonable. 

self medicating with coffee and energy drinks.
I have a habit of seeking high stimulation in order to function. I drink a lot of energy drinks and coffee because they're some of the only things that help me concentrate although not very well. while they give me energy to try and focus on doing a task, my method of going about doing it is still scattered and I tend to try and work on a million things at once without having perspective of an orderly way of going about things. I know it's a horrible habit for a person and I don't want to have to depend on these things for the little bit they help me.

I get tired and apathetic very easily.
because my enthused efforts can only take me so far, I get demotivated and demoralized. people have called me lazy and unmotivated but these adjectives don't fit with my will to accomplish things - just the method and result when I fail. I usually feel tired really easily as my mind exhausts itself to the point where I don't feel like doing anything else. thus - the coffee and the energy drinks.

restlessness
before I started suspecting what was actually going on with me, I looked into meditation and relaxation techniques to calm my mind but with all the effort I put into it, I couldn't get anywhere. I would manage to calm my mind for a few moments and feel as though I was succeeding when a thought would occur to me and take my mind for a walk... and I would completely forget what I was doing! this happened so many times that I gave up this route of trying to calm my mind. I don't have that kind of power.

I am very clumsy and I have problems coordinating myself.
this shows in my handwriting and bruises that I get from traveling around my house bumping into things. I'm not blind - my mind is just never paying attention to what is going on around me.

my emotional roller coaster ride
while I used to believe I had mainly emotional problems which affected my motivation and clarity, as I've aged, I feel my emotional issues are more of a symptom than a cause. when I get upset, I have a lot of difficulty appropriating my emotions and understanding myself in the moment so that whatever is bothering me can be worked out. something can upset me and when I try to pay attention to those feelings, my mind can wander off and think about my LAUNDRY! after I calm down and retrospect, I see exactly why I was upset and how I felt about certain things, but at the time I couldn't use my mind to understand what was happening. instead of my mental secretary keeping things in check and following what is going on, my emotional brain and mental brain will be in two entirely different places. this is most evident in social situations because another person responding to me while I'm upset will expect me to be focusing on what's going on inside of me but instead, I'll be uncooperative with both them and myself. 

when I'm alone it's much simpler because I'll allow my mind to go through it's loops and eventually a good emotional balance and understanding will settle into place.

constantly losing things
this is a very big problem tied in with my lack of organization (aka the mess I make everywhere). keys, important documents, my wallet, anything. I almost never remember where I put things and waste at least 15 minutes a day looking for things even when they usually end up to be in the same place or area every time.

underachievement
I dropped out of highschool because it was the last thing that I was interested in. I have big dreams of going to school and studying any number of the things that fascinate me but because I can't breakdown a process of what it will take to get things down into neat little steps, any ambition like this appears to be unavailable to me as if I'm not cut out for it regardless of how much I'd like to. I've been told my entire life that I'm very bright and I believe this when I have a chance to display my strengths but more often these strengths are my weaknesses.

poor listening skills
this is a very frustrating symptom when it comes to the people I love because as much as I want to be receptive because I genuinely care, I can slip up in a conversation and just drift away as if I'm not even there any more. I'll forget important discussions and decisions that were made and come off to be very inconsiderate and self centered. even when I'm watching a movie, I will be reminded of something and my mind will wander off and I'll realize that I just missed a few minutes of the movie I was pretending to watch. 

trouble applying what I've learned
I've tried endlessly to help myself with whatever has held me back by learning little things about the way that I work and trying to apply that wisdom to my functioning but it seems impossible to unite my working mind with my higher intelligence. it's like they're two diffferent entities... my real self is sitting in the backseat of a car trying to give directions to the drunk driver (my restless mind)  in the front seat to get to where I want to go but they reliably make wrong turns and forget where they were going in the first place. I've thought of countless clever ways to communicate to myself what I'm doing but it always fails because I'm not able to be behind the wheel.

short term memory problems and recall
as my mind wanders and notices whatever it pleases, it always disregards the little important things I tell myself to remember. this is also true when I'm pressured to remember something that's stored in my longterm memory. if my scattered mind isn't interested, it won't go to the trouble of recalling said thing that's requested of it.