constant state of denial.
is making me unhappy.
I have denied my happiness.
I have denied myself.
I have denied my own existence.
denied my very being.
it wants to shine out, it wants to burst through
it knocks at the door and it rips at the seams

each moment consumes me until I remember where I am
I look at the clock and its only half past ten
so immeshed in this intricate web of real things
that I can't stop to hear what the silence sings.

the future holds what the present lacks
and the past is the reason why I can't relax

to be here for yourself, to be here for your life
like a loving parent or a loyal wife
would tend to their beloved ideal of another
loving and not needing to know why.

you must wish yourself to be happy.
truly. deeply. completely.
the question of deserving is not of issue.
happiness and wellness is deserving of itself.

it is a state that you may choose to allow yourself to be in. the journey of allowing and accepting yourself to be happy is a deep voyage into the depths of your heart and unconscious. you must unlock all of the deeply ingrained beliefs that stand in the way.



I keep THINKING it's about this relationship but I'm very certain that if I were to leave it and blame it my issues would be very much the same. I have not been accepting my own responsibility. There are many times when I consider the thought that I decide how to react and create my own reality with this kind of response: "ehhhh... but if only things were like this... then I could happen." such excuses.

in the end, maybe this relationship won't last. considering age and average statistics, it likely won't in some way or another. but that's not what my present dilemma is about. I have trouble taking responsibility for my experience. many times I have sat back and allowed my self created helplessness to dictate scenarios that I do not want so that I may react to them. as eckart tolle calls it, my pain body has taken control.

it's not about specifics. it's not about being in lancaster while you'd rather be in florida partying and exposing yourself to endless stimulation. if you can do it here, you can do it anywhere.

and to find and be what you truly are, you will know what you truly must do. there is a way to distinguish between divine guidance and misguided and impatient impulses for answers. one is peaceful and one is desperate for an answer to feed the hunger of your fears.

plains and airports, values and goals.
I can't believe there could be such a useful self help author out there these days like Steve Pavlina. This guy is mad! His purpose is definitely entangled with enabling and empowering many, many people and I'm happy to hear that his webpage gets a million page views a day. What he does works. On that note, his airplane anology was very effective in instilling consideration for my values which dictate my behavior. 

When I envision my best life it seems very vague. On the surface I believe I want love and harmony with other people, namely Mike but these values have come from my misappropriated idea of what kind of bandaid I need to resolve my unhappiness that I project onto our relationship.

With further digging it's becoming clear that peace and harmony in our relationship will only happen once I achieve peace and harmony within MYSELF first. And then once that is in order everything else will flow and happen naturally. I'm really considering making my new objective values much more practical things. At the heart of it, that is the point of values. They are the practical methods to use in order to achieve your goals.

Organization - this value is all encompassing and it applies to everything in my life. I am in a state of supreme disorganization and I have been doing little to combat that except in heavenly guided inspirations lately - which I'm thankful for because this has helped me realize how indispensable organization of my life will be to get and maintain anything I want. It applies to organization of my space, my time, my thoughts, and my goals.

Journalling - I want to start journalling because there are many mysteries in my mind that I have been discouraged by. I feel as though not only do I not know myself but I have neglected taking the effort because the act seems futile. But hey! I'm here. I'd love to have a word with you and help you. Remember that letter I wrote you? I'm your fucking friend. :) Talk with me. Be honest and loving. This is a safe place where nothing can happen to you unless you see fit. Let us explore for no other purpose than to joyfully know. More important than anything else is to develop the ability to stay in touch and to REMAIN PRESENT.

Vague Life Plans - Okay, so you don't know what you're going to be doing by the summer time or even in a year but one thing that you do know is that no matter where you want to go in life, there are some things you're going to need no matter which direction you go. Like your GED. Do you want to go to school? I know you've said both "YES!" and "I don't even know any more." but regardless if you do or not, you shouldn't limit yourself by not being prepared for the scenario in which that's what you truly wish to do. Money feels like a dirty concept in this headspace with all of it's past negative perception, but if you want to be able to fly, you're going to need to be able to afford the plane ticket. Calm down. It's not a riddle and you have opportunities to start creating money already around you. Selling your soul to a silly convenience store is probably the least effective one.

Comfort - This is a big one. What happens when you disrespect your space, neglect your body, and ignore your mind? You're telling yourself that you are not important enough to warrant taking care of. Are you crazy? Your experience and your reality is more real than anything else to you and you are the one in charge. If anybody around here makes the rules it's you and if you really want to make Rule #1 "You Are Insignifcant and Unworthy." it's within your right of free will to do that. But consider that. Did *YOU* really make that rule? Weren't you a little bit confused and lost when you first wandered into your own existence thinking it wasn't your own to create? When you picked up this hereditary mental garbage that humanity has been spreading for thousands of years? That's right. It's not yours and it has nothing to do with the real you.

I'm going to take a stab in the dark (or maybe the light!) and guess that if it were up to the pure and real loving energy that is my soul, my response to rule number one for my life would be to FLOURISH! ENJOY! LOVE! DO NOT REGRET, BUT LEARN!... to emanate love even more deeply. To spiral outward and upwards always joyfully becoming one with what is. And what could be more important than that? I don't know. You tell me. Because you decide what's important.

 Now that you've realized your own power, would you really want to let something like this slide? 

Important reminder for you: Your job and purpose is not to make this relationship to work. It is to make you work. It is to make your life work. This sounds like news, doesn't it? If constant reminders are what it is in order than constant reminders are what I need to give myself. I am not perfect. I am running many outdated programs of operation that will not serve me if I allow them to continue. And the only way I will overcome them is through constant awareness which provokes the process of dropping the hot potato that keeps burning my hand.

As long as you look at this situation as your punishment or burden in life, you will never be able to triumph it. It is but one of the many situations you will find for yourself in your life. There is a difference between taking blame and between taking responsibility. If you blame yourself and say that you owe something you not willing to give, you will never be able to relinquish the controlling and vengeful power your ego has over you in these circumstances. 


"It's not going to work and you're just fooling yourself."

is that thought even relevant? think about that. doesn't that thought pertain to this relationship being your personal objective or your own all important mission? thinking thoughts like these takes your personal power and projects it out into the world of form into a predetermined pattern which negates all possibility of power. it's a done losing deal. it is self negating. 

I know I have wishful thoughts about how I don't want to be here or how useful it would be to be doing something else. or turning myself into a would be martyr if only I could muster the faith to take a different action - but it is all besides the point. the reasons behind doing things are everything. if I were to leave this town and this relationship just to go on to the "next best thing" where would I find myself? I would find myself in a different challenging situation longing to leave it just to go on to "the next best thing" all over again. I would not learn and I would sculpt myself into an escapist unwilling to sit, look, consider, and truly be where I actually am. only once I can do that may I know how to make decisions that I will never regret. 

the way I paint pictures of what my relationship with MIke is like is very expressive of this. one day, he is a pathological narcissist that is responsible for my dwindling self esteem and unhappiness. another day, I am responsible while he is the patient, loving, and understanding one.

before I decided to commit to understanding this, these different and contradicting perspectives irked me. if I am capable of sustaining either of them, how will I ever know if I am actually believing the truth?

and this is where we come back to the reasons for everything. if I see him as a pathological narcissist ruining my life and somebody I have to escape from, this is with the ulterior motive of just wanting to be free of my pain in this situation and using blame as a scapegoat to try and enable myself.

now, if I paint the happiest picture I can conjure from the depths of my mind of how we really are perfect for eachother, our destinies our entwined, and all I have to do is stay willing - this is an unrealistic attempt at false optimism. not to discredit the very real feelings of positivity and wellbeing I can experience while humoring this state but it is fragile and can crumble at the slightest percieved difference from reality and my image.

both of these ends of the same spectrum are based upon wish fulfillment. what my ego WANTS. I do not look with the intent of seeing when I create these pictures. I look for details that I can superimpose onto my already designed ideas of how I want things to be for whichever reason.

and that is why I never truly see and why when I am convinced, I will falter, and why every time I try to go past this, I fail. self destruction is an inevitable part of the process of false image making. because they are false images and therefor they will crumble.




Sunday - March 2nd. My day off.

I've been wanting to sit down and come back to writing for some time now. I kept procrastinating though because my actions did not feel automatic and easy. I wondered "what am I going to write?" and "where did my clarity from the other day come from?" and "all of these thoughts keep happening and they are so confusing. how am I ever going to make sense of them all?"

now and then when I let my mind wander and it starts spinning in it's hamster wheel trying to figure things out or frame life in all of these different angles, I feel a huge sense of dread for what I'm doing. I feel like I am creating messes that I am going to have to get myself out of. Guh. My mind has switched to survival mode. It tries to get a grasp of everything going on around me so that it can control it. And the entire time I feel like a helpless spectator being raped by the turmoiled and malfunctioning parts of myself. But then again, I guess my mind is just doing it's job. It's job to be a navigational tool and if I leave the captain's seat at the steering wheel, my vehicle will just keep driving! where will it go without me? Well that' outcome is derived from whatever conditioned autopilot settings I have installed. That conditioned autopilot will take over and do what it deos best, "Danger, Will Robinson, Danger!" and it will speed up to 90mph and weave through traffic that it THINKS is there and out to get it because in the past that was how it was trained. 

Only when I am paying attention and when I am in the drivers seat can I turn the autopilot off and cheerfully cruise on the smooth, straight road that is my life. 

Be calm. That autopilot is not you. It panicks the autopilot to become aware of itself because it sees it's own futility and what could be more panicking then that? It's a very, very strong drive. 

I feel the part of myself that feels it's a victim of life circumstance. It's the part of myself that doesn't even wanna look at what I'm writing. It doesn't want to face this. But I am facing it. I am facing you and I accept you because you are what you are. You are real. You exist. You think, feel, want, love, hate, and all these things but most importantly... you are. You can not deny yourself while living in accordance with Truth. The truth is deserving of itself. You are deserving of yourself. You deserve yourself. It is yours and nobody can ever take that away from you unless you give it to them. There is no better gift to give to all of life than your own happiness and love. You can make this world a better place beginning with yourself. 

I realize before when I was writing this I was somewhat panicked and anxious. I wasn't simply just allowing it all to be. I was looking outside of myself for something in my life to JUSTIFY allowing it all to be in the event that I would be OKAY.... with the future. Again, projecting my personal power outside of myself. In this case - into the future. I've done that a lot I think. Everybody has an ideal self image and qualities of mine are grace, strength, and honesty. As I've existed in the present, I've been projecting my power into the future of this being that hasn't even come into existence yet because I am not choosing to be her right now. I do have that choice. It's mine to make if only I can become aware of it. 

The part of me that feels like I should leave this life I'm living now does not want to wait. It says "yes, yes, you've got it but being at peace here is not really necessary. go now, life is waiting for you and it isn't going to happen until you leave." but life is happening all around me. and who can say if I can really trust this voice? I'm inclined to believe that I shouldn't, because of the pressing urgency it has to be free of all this. it wants to escape. it isn't even really concerned with the question of what I really want for myself in life or other things I know are important deep down. It wants a quick fix and it wants it now. I feel like if I leave though, it will give my negative ego the ammunition it needs to empower itself while disabling me. 

the real me wants to make my life decisions from my soul in accordance with my highest values. the real me wants to be able to shine and glow no matter what the weather is outside of myself. the realness inside of me sees that life is giving me a deep and invaluable lesson here and wants to stay in order to pay attention and learn. When I look inside of my awareness and ask myself "what do I want?" it smiles back at me and says, "you can have whatever you want."  

what better way to understand what I want than to look around at the life I've created for myself and ask what I don't want? and why did I create this for myself? what is important to me? what life scenario could I create that would allow me to shine forth in my spirit and glory to become the best I can be every moment?

a life that honored my creativity, health, soulfulness, peace, compassion, joy, desire to share, 


honoring the sacred things in life is very important to me. 


one major roadblock I'm beginning to become aware of is the issue of deserving. my ego wants me to believe and identify with the concept that I do not deserve to be happy, do this or that, experience PEACE, etc until..... variable a, f, and e are all perfectly aligned to create the situation that will free me. This is absurd!!!! As long as I continue on with this framework, I will never be happy because happiness resides outside of my self. I will never be satisfied or content because those things reside in the future. I look at my goals and my life as a means to an end rather than the ongoing process that it really is. each moment and step along the way is equally valid. I have every right to feel brilliantly lit up in my creavity, spirit, or just placid being each and every single moment of my waking life. you don't need to feel bad when you wander away, because if you half realize that you're not present and then feel upset or guilty for it, you just took 1 step forward and then 4 steps backwards. there needn't be guilt or judgement. it's going to take a little while for that lesson to sink in I'm sure but life and god will be there for you as long as it takes.
you don't need to justify a moment's worth or judge it, comparing it to another imaginary moment which could be better. there is only one moment. there is only one reality and it CANNOT be argued with. you can try but you will only be making one more example in the vast lesson that is being taught to you about life. 

when I first sat down today I was having a very hard time. I didn't even want to accept that I was having a hard time. I wanted a quick fix. I wanted to write things that I knew sounded right to replicate the presence I vaguely remembered from the day before. 

my ego believes that life is a generally very unfriendly place where things are rigged to go wrong. it believes that I am broken and hopeless and my efforts for peace are futile. my ego is so afraid that this is true that it doesn't even want to really consider it. consider the power that has over your unconscious self. even deeper, it doesn't want to let go of this belief because so much of my personal egoic meaning and significance is invested in it. when you let go and leap, the universe will catch you, Galina.

it doesn't have to be this way. you decide how it really is. you are the creator and if you wish to create a life of joyful presence, the key ingredients are already inside of you for you to do it. you just have to be there for it.

Monday, March 3rd.

Face it. Face it! You don't want to be here! You don't want to be in a relationship. Stop trying to deny it. Yes, you could call it an unholy thought, feeling, or preference but pretending like you specifcally want to do something when you don't is mad. You have your reasons for staying here right now because this is where you are.  This is your life at the moment and you don't feel like you're ready to change it. You also believe that there is a chance that your perspective could change if you changed the scenario. But let's not try to sugarcoat things or live in denail, okay? That's not going to get you anywhere.

There was a huge blockade in my mind that just outright refused to admit to the feelings that I want to go. Why? Because it would be wrong, it would contradict things I had said before to both others and myself. Because I want to pick a position and stick with it, I'm tired of being bounced around like a ping pong ball on the table that is my head. You're okay, ya know. No thoughts or feelings in your mind should be condemned. As Krishnamurti put it, "if you condemn it, you do not understand it." you can't argue with what is.  There's no use in skirting around the issue hinting at and then discouraging what your true feelings are. I don't want to be a relationship puppet any more. I don't want to bend and break to fit into this trecherous pattern that has become our lives. There is goodness between us... intense chemistry when we connect that shows that we have good intentions for the two of us but the unconsciousness inbetween us is mind boggling. we avoid eachother's depths because I am afraid... and I do not know what he is. I know that fear doesn't escape him though. he protects himself by wearing his lab coat and his microscope lenses during our interactions. and yet I wonder... do I have any basis to think I know what I'm talking about when it comes to him? we are so different. so vastly different. our drives and our energies only meet at a small couple points all along the spectrum of our beings. 




this is all one big distraction.




yes. it was all one big distraction, that is for sure. the way you wrapped yourself around this inner personal dilemma in an effort to conceal yourself and made excuses as to why it was okay that that was what you were doing. 

"I don't know! = I don't want to know."
"this would happen to anybody else in my situation, it's reasonable that I am this way." = "I have chosen to be this way unconsciously and I am going to justify it over choosing Truth."
"To love myself would mean taking this seriously and respecting it." = "Since I am unaware of the love that I am, I will improvise illusory scenarios that hold they key... maybe one day, I will unlock something... I am waiting for that day. I am patient."

I am this... I will do that.... someday.... back then... this is of grave importance for me to find meaning....


meaning in the madness!!!!!