Oh, how thankful I am to myself. In these times of change, I am CHOOSING to align myself with a higher perspective over my life. This perspective frees me. It enables me to see how beautiful opportunity really is when viewed against my true power. I am capable of great things and I only have to meditate, decide, plan, and then do them. This is my life. My days can be painted as beautiful pictures of my soul. Even if all is not well..... which it rarely is, in this problematic world, in this rigorous phase of LESSONS, I am well. Life is well. The things that MATTER are well.

I am so grateful that this is becoming available to me. I am grateful to myself for the gift of allowing myself to LET GO! And I am joyfully surprised again and again because as I'm transitioning.... I do fall back into the old way of being, thinking, feeling... doing.

And unlike my newfound home in myself, when I loose track of where I am going and end up back in the familiar gloomy landscape of my past, the environment can be so intimidating that I loose awareness of my power and my perspective. Fear erodes me away until I am little again, faced against the monstrous foe that is my world. I become so panicked in this state that I try my best to appropriate things, to find a solution. I get so lost in this process. I loose myself. I disappear and I become numb, terrified, and bleak.

And that is why there is a better way. I am SO GRATEFUL that I have integrated enough of this new way of thinking that I can be lost, rest, and then wake back up back into it without a prompt!! 

Progress is undeniable. Writing helps a lot. 

I find my motivation drains and is out of the loop. Sometimes I feel like I'm half and half a combination of these two different states.

My old motivation to consume, to conclude, to judge, to dramatize lingers in the background even when I am present. The difference is that I can see it in action. I can witness it play out, even though I can't stop it, I can witness the cause and effect chain reaction and the effect it has on my being. It feels like psychic bruising.