write.

prioritize.

realize the wisdom that is there for you.

as long as you think this is going to be a battle outside of yourself, you are not ready to win. the only players are you. the only things which matter inside are you.

last night, I made a point to put a trillion reminders in my head to make the effort to get BACK ON TRACK! There are bread crumbs every where leading back to myself, I just have to take the initiative to find my way back.

I've noticed that this mental block happens inside of me when I give too much credit to my limiting beliefs and ways of thinking. Inwardly, I cringe and turn away when I come across them. I have made incredible progress in this area though because my ability to be the way I am today have been accomplished by removing some of the main mental blocks that disable me. Tearing down the walls....I am my own inspiration. If I can do what I have done, I can do more.

Get up off your lazy butt and go do something!!!!!


Goddamnit. Okay, I get it. I won't ignore you any more. Because I realize that was what I was essentially doing... I thought I had a better idea of what this body should be doing than you did and I forgot that it was your body. I know that seems crazy... But when I navigate this world, it's so easy to get lost in the scenary and forgot all about what I'm really doing here. I know, I have a big ego. I always take impossible risks with this world, thinking I can outsmart it by working against it. It's addictive in the same way that gambling must be addictive. Even when you keep losing all of your chips, you still want to keep going just to one up the game. But what is there to gain from one-upping the game? Whatever it is cannot justify losing everything that's important. It's a childish urge that doesn't make sense.

So, I will admit that when I do not check in with my higher authority, I do not know what is best. I've learned this so many times yet when I get carried away or triggered, I lose it. Sometimes I even justified losing it so I could one-up the game, painting a picture of obstacles that keep me from it, obstacles that are too unfathomable for me to comprehend, let alone get past. But, I was wrong. No amount of justification will change the fact that I was wrong and I always have a choice to keep on going. It's a huge relief to come back to this and receive these new understandings. 

When there is no comfort, I can take comfort in knowing that there is an ever present invincible force guiding me with love even when I am not aware of it.
The fact that I am not aware of it is no reason to panic. The panic comes from the limiting belief in those states that that is all there is for me and I am doomed to stay in it. I'm panicked and alone by the absence of my higher self which would remind me that I deserve a good life and can attain it. 

Well, I'm here. I'm anxious and uncomfortable which, (thank you!), reminds me that I wanted to talk to you about what it's like to be at home. I've felt extremely burdened by the tension I feel between myself and Mike. Some of his responses to my new way of being have been extremely hurtful. I thought that I was over seeking his approval but I'm not sure if that is the issue. What if he really is being as bad as he makes me feel about all of this?

The question that has been floating around in the back of my head has been, "Is he worth it?" "Is he hopeless about all of this?" "Is he going to sabotage and reject the person I am becoming?"

I don't know if his negativity towards me has been because of his own temporary issues, or because of real incompatability. This issue has been driving me nuts because I have been ambivalent over where I'm going to stand. I am becoming a more conscious and self-loving person and I want to make the choice based on my higher values. I know I need to get out of ambivalence though because if I don't yet know and I need to find out, I'm going to need all of my resources. My ambivalence and it's disabling effect happen because I lack clarity on this situation. In the past, I conditioned myself to cloud my perception when approaching issues like these because I refused to live consciously out of fear. Well, now that I am willing, I'm going to have to disable fear's influence over how I do things and that's scary! lol. But I will do it anyway because if life wasn't scary, it wouldn't be any fun. 

Apologizing.

Reinforcing my old identity.

I want to say I am truly sorry for all the hurt and pain I've caused you. I know you aren't one to cry about things but I KNOW that you have plenty of scar tissue 