The need to write.. the need to write. Life has been flying past me as if I were a farrari on the autobond. The wind rushes into my face and I squint, unable to take in every last drop of meaning within the scenery. So I collect myself and put together all those little pieces scattered about my memory to create a picture I hope I can remember forever.

How do I feel about all of this? For starters, relieved. I'm glad that my world hasn't fallen apart to horrifying and irreconciable peices around me, leaving me a disfigured soul with no hope of life or even handicapped repair. Yes, that was a legitimate concern of mine.. ha.

Is everything okay? Yeah.. everything is okay. Heartbeat? Check. Panic? Subsided.

Is it time to be happy now? Only I can say. I'm tired of waiting for my life to happen. Somethings just had to happen first and foremost, ofcourse. Now, however, I can finally embrace the reality that all is in my control and I make it all happen. You know.. the way everything is meant to be.

I've had some interesting psychedelic experiences as of late.

150mg DPT insufflated. Oh boy. Upon immediately sniffing it, I noted it didn't seem like my previous experience with the compound's taste and flavor. Infact, I noted it seemed to smell a little bit like I just rammed some amazingly potent line of 5meodmt up my nostrils. That's a sick thought all by itself. It didn't help when all of a sudden, only seconds after insufflation I was suddenly bombarded by.. a feeling! A mild rush of intensity that came far too soon for my comfort, coupled with the previous silly suspicion that this chemical was actually not what it was initially believed to be. Which turned out to be true. Was it DMT? No. But it was far more potent DPT than ever experienced or tasted before. My panic subsided upon realizing that, okay.. everything's fine, you silly girl.

Immense intoxication sets in menacingly. I close my eyes and see this amazing patterned tapestry with the centerpiece of a hindu goddess sitting in a lotus position. Her many arms extended out and interwove into the fabric of the patterns around her. Beautiful.

(more to come later.)



To be aware. To be in constant appreciation and not just be in appreciation of the idea of appreciation. To not be distracted and to not sucumb to the daily tedium, however enticing and enveloping the experience of it may be.. it's but a glimmer of light off a single wave flowing upon the ocean that is my life.






The difference between my DMT experiences of understanding that time does not truly exist and my DPT trip, (and past LSD trip), was the experiencing of it. 





My consciousness felt ripped in half, one side of it completely flabberghasted at the reality of the grand timeless epiphany while the other half was left behind to be tortured by the unignorably painful transition of each primitively percieved moment.

It felt like knowing the ultimate inside joke of all time, but your experience happens to be the butt of it.





It is your mission to go on. You've gotten this far. You've made "leaps and bounds". Any residual anxiety or apprehension is most certainly understandable.. but look at the big picture, baby. What do you want? Is it attainable? What needs to be done to continue and conquer? Be brave. Keep it all in mind. fuckin lol @ missions and bravery. faggot.


The mind is a tool, constantly evolving, cleverly finding more and more effective ways of managing it's enviroment. Ironically, this is it's bottom line mission statement and the mind itself usually doesn't even understand this. It's a super program with purpose, and without it's own awareness of that purpose, faulty lines of code bypass the nonexistent security to corrupt the purity of this reality interfacing device.

The answer to all your problems of existing and behavior is in properly addressing them. Once they are understood, they can be combatted by awareness and development of an entirely different regiment focused on changing them. The symptoms themselves are not the problem, but understanding them and allowing them to proceed amounts to nothing. Battling the symptoms weakens the force which commands them, and therefor relinquishes the power this troublesome mind entity has upon you.

You don't know where to start? That's okay. Start anywhere. Start simple. Trace it all back to it's founding roots and udnerstand it.

You feel uncomfortable. 
What is making you feel uncomfortable?
Pressure, to start. Pressure to be something else and feel a certain way. Inhibition to intimacy. Why? I don't want to be hurt. I don't want to trust someone to love the absurdly bad being that I am. Do I feel bad? Yes, often. I even feel bad about feeling bad. It's a never ending cycle of feeling as though I am always perpetually wrong with whatever I'm doing. 
What makes me feel inherantly bad? The present is a result of the past. Trace it back to the beginning. You're a kid. You're alone. The only people in your naive short little life treat you like you're not a person. They treated you like you didn't have the right to be a person. They conditioned you to feel like you were always wrong and even though at the time, a sense of justice remained intack throughout it all, the damage was done. 

Like a psychological war prisoner that has trouble going on with their life.. except mine had hardly started.





Is this just?