Ahhh.. dreams. Among the random absurdity, (my cat having a kitten and then being oblivious as to what to do with it), sometimes such metaphorical meaning arises that can be taken no other way than the ethereal facts and feelings it can only represent. My own personal mythology. 



The dream started out on an absurd note..I was on the computer, observing some thread on bluelight about mail order cocaine from some obscure and illegal website. Users had posted their own pictures of the packaged contents and the general opinion seemed to say it was not worth it. It was some sort of plastic container or tub, far too big to make sense. 

All of the sudden, due to the nonsensical laws of the dream world I found myself outdoors in a sandbox that mimicked the exact design of the box in the pictures users had posted online. Piles of blow all throughout it, it was as it had been supersized and I was at play in this adult sand box full of cocaine outside on this beautiful day. As I inspected all these piles and mounds and lines of drugs, my mind was filled with decadent thoughts of superficial pleasures- the intoxication of trivial social settings and drugs. I approached each pile with a fury to medicate my fury only to find that each attempt was unfulfilling. It was all fake! Fake drugs that could do nothing for me. It baffled me, I knew they must be real but none of this substance actually did anything to quell my urges.

In an unconscious direction, my mind and dream body was pulled away from this hedonistic tub to a garden nearby. I couldn't enter it but I found myself laying down and under a tall hedge of it, up close to a display of many strangely geometrical flowers that seemed completely artificial in nature. I soon understand that this was because it was to attract the pollination of geometrically shaped bees. I laid right under it and was startled abruptly when I realised that dangerous numbers of bees surrounded me, even right infront of my face. There were many different kinds and shapes, all mathematically unique and varied. Along with the fear that I would be hurt or stung was an amazing appreciation of the beauty of all these polygonally shaped insects and flowers that surrounded me. The beauty distracted me and filled me with the natural intoxication of being alive. 

I realised that one of these wild and formidable polygon bees had decided to rest upon my finger on my left hand. Its legs felt like claws, digging into me and I did my best not to panic. I was so fearful that I would be bitten and jaded to this beautiful display. It stayed on my finger for quite some time, until the dream visually faded. But it didn't bite me and I was no longer scared.






Events in this dream could be taken very trivially but my emotions and urges throughout it say otherwise.

