feel like I need to mentally exorcise the demons from myself daily. catharsis.

I spent a period of time with my mind wandering freely, dancing lacadaizically and tragically through all of life's recent games.

I thought of my dissatisfactions and my aspirations all from the melancholic perspective that I could only dream to live the life that I live. As if part of me was on hold, waiting to bloom, waiting for the inevitable day when it's chance to come out and play will be warranted. Why else would it wait? What am I saving myself for? With my life on hold, my soul grows old and my dreams fade into black and white photographs from my childhood. 

If life is the game, why don't I play? A deep down frustration with the past sours all my expectations and hopes and my burning bright ideals burn through my core. What are we doing here? We, because with all my facets and faces, we could never be the picture of just one I. Perhaps there is just one being, one experience, but hundreds of different souls flit through me, playing their desired roles. I am an infinite being, because this sort of matter can never be measured. The only way to come close would be to summarize all the millions of posibilities my soul could reflect in the moment and even then, what place would numbers have in this picture?

since when has cultivating and facading a personality become a priority? what purpose could that possibly serve other than a lowly one? the key is to pure from all these lower ways of being regardless if that impresses. you will never be a person, because you know better than to entertain such delusions. as someone told me so recently, all of us are just stuck in a person body and the key is to master that fact.

Blah. I need an energy drink. I also need to milk my brain because my psychic udders feel sore. (Possibly the weirdest way I could've expressed my need to express myself. o_o)







Thurs May 3:

Paranoia. Bad karma. Beer intoxication. Potential writing exercise: Why I Should Start Writing.

Sometimes I wish my internal voices were as articulate and coherant as this fucking moron's demons. Maybe then I'd have what it takes to immediately rise up, light torches, scream "THIS IS SPARTA", and fucking vanquish those motherfuckers. Then again, if I had the capacity to allow my psyche to be so internally split and unknown as to manifest itself in schizophrenic hallucinations, I'd probably be just as fucked as this moron is. *scratches chin..  swigs beer* ....'til another thought.



