get my ged
get married
go to a doctor

get new glasses

birth control and add

I feel that whenever I actually resort to writing, my thoughts and feelings can only be voiced immaturely. it's my thoughts that that's because only through the process of writing can I get to the bottom of these thoughts and feelings.

will I ever start learning? There are things I know that I wish I really knew, but they persist to evade my entire conscious acknowledgement because... (and this is the only possible answer) I have not paid them proper attention.

there are delusions that I hold as truths within my mind. that is the definition of insanity. I know that the skewed reality which I've allowed myself to be tortured by isn't real. yet, it's so mesmerizing. so easy to get caught up in and lost. I will not find myself in this. it isn't really me. and that's my worst fear, isn't it? that all of these things I disagree with, I am ashamed of, or disgusted by... my worst fear is that these things really are me and I am doomed to be disgraceful. but disgraceful to who?

what could torment this poor girl's mind? what could drive her to these levels of unease?

the belief that this is the way that i deserve to live. if I create my own reality for myself and live the life I choose, why else would I inflict such a horrifying and faulty perspective onto myself?

I am unloveable. 
but you are loveable. you were created by love, as was everything else. and you became seperate from that. 

some words or wisdom from your higher self:

you can begin cultivating the true life of your soul that you want to live at any moment. even when the ultimate perspective is not clear, and your mind is clouded by misleading sensations of emotions that've been hardwired to be off.
you can take the role of an investigator, the detective, the artist, the introvert, the crazy girl who's led a crazy life - whatever role she feels like ascribing to herself as she goes about discovering her world. the only thing it will really take is will.

the will to be free, to question, and to learn. that is what it comes down to. a conscious effort must be made to change, because that is what is required to mutiny the madness that has sidetracked you for so long. perseverance and loyalty to the truth.

that is what is most important if any of the madness in the world is to be meaningful.





more often than I'd like to admit, hearing or reading certain things that will remind me of the life that I wish I had as if I had been cheated by the one I live. 