Doing things. That's what everybody does all day, every day, their entire life. You're either doing something or your doing nothing. All actions have a response and you can guide your actions to elicit specific responses. Whether they be mental or tangible, it's the same thing. Karma.

Doing nothing is something else in itself. By nothing, I don't mean distracting oneself or not accomplishing something. Doing nothing as in standing completely still just taking in yourself and the world around you. Meditation.

Useless action. Do I even have a right to be frustrated when my own inertia is brought on by myself? it's my fault. I haven't clearly defined a plan or even a set of priorities to base my actions upon. There is absolutely no organization whatsoever and only vague ideas of what I'd like to see for myself. There's a gap between that position of where I'd like to be and where I'm standing still, not progressing. Inbetween the territory is murky and nebulous. I wouldn't even know where to start if one day I felt like wandering into the futuristic territory. The only way I'd ever manage it is if I equipped myself as best as I could to map out the territory that must be traversed to get to where I want to be.

And up until now, I haven't even bothered. There is no easy way. There is only one way and it won't happen by itself. No ethereal force is going to magically intervene in my functioning to seize the opportunity to change things. I'm going to have to do it myself. I'm going to have to get my hands dirty.

To formulate a game plan, I must first define my targets. I want to get to Pittsburg and that's well enough on the way. A car and a plan will work itself out in due time when money presents itself for the task. In the mean time I have more immediate goals for my own personall progress.

I want to be more in tune with my needs and I want to learn what to do with myself.
I want to rekindle my desire to learn and to create art and express myself.
I want to write, draw, read, and meditate more often.
I want to lose weight and exercise so I feel good about myself and my body.
I want to quit smoking.

and I no longer want to be distracted.


Lastly, I want to BE FOCUSED on all of this. I need to make it happen.