what I would like to do today:

enjoy myself while taking care of my personal matters. I don't need to feel bad today. I don't need to make excuses for why I shouldn't be happy today. I don't need to do that any day really but I'm taking this one day at a time. 

I am a spiritual being spawned from love and light. The illusions that conceal this fact from make it seem as though all of this is darkness, but even as I believe in the despair and make it real to myself, the conscious wisdom of life and my higher self are guiding me with love. these powers embrace me even when I don't feel them. they honor my life by ensuring that the illusions I've been misguided by will never actually be true. they know to be patient and that I will find my way home.

they want to help me but because they love me, they know only I can help myself. they can't force me to look and see because my eyes are my own to direct. so I am guided and nurtured in subtle ways which do not take away from my right to own my own power. 

this darkness is necessary in the grand scheme for my personal journey. I know this from the profoundity that I've witnessed as I've been graced with the ability to see past the illusion. the condition that I've faced is a charicature and an exageration of what every human being must overcome to move into the light of consciousness.

there is a reason for why I must know the darkness so personally. it has shown me the way past it that most people will be unable to see for themselves. I am intiminately familiar with the monumental roadblocks that can prevent one from existing in a state of connection to the love that we all are. I can feel the essence of this dilemma inside of my head, intuitively grasping at what it is. the epidemic's power to obscure the truth is so formidable because of the way it works to obscure the truth of your own unlimited power.

at the heart of it is a deep spiritual unease that rests upon the foundation of believing that we are powerless pawns cast into a coldhearted chess game in which our fate is determined by our position on the board and the deterministic forces that move the pieces. our existence has no meaning, the fact that we are here at all is a divine accident and there is no higher power to watch over us. we try to believe that despite this, it is our responsibility to create meaning out of this madness in order to avoid admitting our guilt over having deserved to come into this senseless existence at all.

only once we realise that we are the deterministic force that guides our reality will we be able to come to terms with the denial of own power. over thousands of years, we have reproduced not only our bodies, but the shame we felt for having them. I believe this was a necessary step inbetween the evolution of animal consciousness and godlike consciousness. in the greater picture, our pain and suffering is actually the force which guides us to become conscious of ourselves. it serves an invaluable purpose and it's only when you remove the higher perspective on the process of things that this suffering appears to be senseless and futile. we live in a world that shames the sufferer and we are taught from a young age that there are appropriate and inappropriate ways to be an entity. our innocence and naïveté coupled with the trust in life we are all born with set us up to be ashamed for what we were really were. 

we learned to respond to our environment in order to please the other beings we loved unconditionally and we learned to lie to ourselves and the world. being born as pure and unconditioned beings, we learned to trust in the only navigational system we had; our emotions and the emotions of others. not yet having the guidance of rational thought and understanding, boundaries and personal trurth, we trusted our intuition and our feelings to interact with the world around our point of perception. we felt that there was something deeply disturbing and wrong about the way other people treated themselves and eachother but we accepted this madness with the notion that if we were *something* we could avoid being unworthy or unacceptable. being new to this world, we were ready to learn from everything and everyone around us. we were reinforced that not only our actions, but our thoughts and feelings could jeapordize our safety and recieving the validation of what we were told was love.  we learned that this infinitely powerful thing that other people called love was dispensed and withheld through conditions. 



because we had no other choice.

We are born into this world as pure unadulterated consciousness ready and willing to experience the splendor of existence in physical form. before we developed the ability to comprehend the logic behind why things are the way they are, we percieved the world through our feelings

as we grew older and developed our abilities to better discern the world around us, we had already buried the deepseated feelings of being wrong as we were. for most, it's hidden in the unconscious parts of ourselves and because we deny this, we deny our true selves for the poor substitute of our egoic mind which distracts us with the neverending game of  unconsciously trying to compensate for our lack. we live in our minds and continuously recreate the scenarios which led to our formation in the first place. it's a vicious cycle that can only be broken by realizing the futility of it with your entire being. but this requires that we face ourselves. From where we stand, it seems that we would have to admit to our wrongdoing and shame. so as long as we can manage, we deny that these feelings, that this sense of lack exists and even when we can't avoid the suffering any longer we resist it unconsciously and then wonder why we are so confused. 



Because 

In continuing to deny the feelings we have had in fear that they are true there is a strand of misguided good intention. We are conflicted because we don't want to believe that we live in a world that confirms our feelings of disconnection and shame. So we avoid the deep feelings that we inevitably have from our upbringing because they are erroneous or even worse, blasphemous to the conditioned idea we have of the world today. 
We will not understand why we have these feelings until we go into them and allow them to be what they are but we are so preoccupied with denying the corruption of our experiences, our selves, and 

the image of the world from our childhood self is too horrible to confront and acknowledge as long as we still unconsciously hold the belief that it's true. our denial is perpetuated by collective insanity that we all share

the paradox is that only once we allow ourselves to confront and acknowledge the perceptions we experienced as children and now as people can we see the truth in what actually was and is.


. most people will never challenge this issue because they are in a state of constant denial over the fact that they have it in the first place. humanity busies itself settling for a lower existence of playing the ego game and few people step outside of these established boundaries without being forced to confront their disease. the gift of suffering is that it directs our attention to the denial of our true nature. it gives us no other choice but to eventually admit that something is deeply wrong within ourselves and the world around us. 

one of western civilization's highest values is the rational intellect. our magnificent minds are glorified and rewarded for the ways we cleverly manipulate our environment to the benefit of ourselves. but without soulfulness, without respect and union to the sacredness of our being, our gifted abilities are being enslaved to the egos function. if consciousness is god, then the disconnected ego is satan. cut off from our higher purpose and guidance, our physical manifestations are taken over by a force that denies and seperates itself from god. 

everybody has been abused. if we weren't directly abused by our parents or our family while we were growing up, we were still abused by the society that we were born into. we were all taught to deny our true selves, our true essence as manifestations of the divine. 
