This is the only place I think I could be comfortable asking other people's opinions about this issue...have you ever felt that you couldn't clarify the contents of your head and actually believe what you feel or think until you relate it to another human being and have them acknowledge that it does indeed make sense? I can't even talk about the things I'm about to write about with myself because I feel so ashamed that they're inside of me. But when I put them into words, when I know that somebody will take the time to understand me, I can give them my truth..

Growing up as a preteen, I was an ugly duckling and I found myself in a living situation that really hurt me. I ended up not being socialized very much, I was sort of home schooled and my parents were very strict. I had very low self esteem because most of the interactions with people my age were tainted negatively by what I was going though at home  I internalized some of the things people said to make fun of me and I really believed that I didn't have any friends because I was ugly and different.

Anyway, I ended up leaving school in 7th grade to stay at home 24/7 and I had no friends in real life. The only friendships and boyfriend/girlfriend thingamajigs I had were online and as my parent's became more oppressive and controlling, they were the only people that I could be myself and talk to... when I could.

It wasn't until I was 16 that I managed to make connections to the outside world and meet some people. I escaped my parent's grasps and rebelled until they didn't care any more. I managed to get myself out of that situation but I ended up spending the next 3 years causing trouble in my life to distract myself; being obsessed in drugs and partying, whatever could get me off enough to not confront the way that I was feeling.

I went through puberty while I was stuck at home. I was having such a hard time adjusting to school here in the united states, after moved here from Canada, that my grades were all zeros and I had no friends. My parents relationship was broken and I was the youngest child and the only girl with 3 older brothers. After moving, my dad started working abroad in Europe for weeks or months at a time. With my dad gone, my mom didn't know how to handle the stress of being alone, not working, and parenting during the transitional period. She didn't have her job to pour herself into and she couldn't hide or deny her unhappiness any more.

My dad wasn't even present most of the time in the beginning. He was off working hard for his family so they could afford to have this new house and new life. He was really miserable about having to do this but he took it on like a martyr and made sure to remind people about his sacrifice and how difficult life was becoming to get through. Things would always get better... after we get through this struggle.

My mom's condition and the dysfunction it caused in my family was a heated issue and my brothers ended up siding against her - some more than others. They talked about how bat shit crazy my mom was disdainfully behind her back. 

There was a total absence of love from my parents in my house after we moved and I'm only able to see and admit that now. They were too damaged to love me and they couldn't even love themselves or each other. Before I realized how devastating my experience really was, I had no explanation for why I was so devastated. In my head, my parents loved me because they said loved me. They took the "my word is law" approach to parenting and I grew up thinking that God loves me and I live in a world of black and white rights and wrongs. When my world started to get bad, I couldn't believe that this was my life. I felt bad beyond words and I believed that nobody innocent could have this happen to them. So I blamed myself and internalized all of my shame. It was so painful that I denied my feelings and even who I was eventually so that I could cope with what was happening to me. I didn't want to believe that I deserved it and I must've been wrong to feel the way that I felt because I was always being told that I wasn't right the way that I was. I tried to be good for myself and my parents but because I was so busy being preoccupied with denying my feelings, I spent years that led to be suicidal a number of times. Like almost everybody else and especially a child, I didn't want to die. I just couldn't imagine being able to go on living the way that I was. I developed what looked like a strong streak of optimism and positivity to cope with my grandiose denial but even though I could convince myself to be cheerful or hopeful, this strength made me even weaker when I was inevitably disappointed. My parents told me to do better but as much as I felt like it was my responsibility to make everybody happy (or at least not make anybody any more unhappy), I didn't have it in me to suffer and function at the same time. I set myself up for failure again and again trying to fit myself into what I thought was "acceptable" but it was never enough. I was so bad that I couldn't even fix my shortcomings.

Because they were so involved in whatever was going on in their lives, they didn't know how to handle the situation I had with school. I told them I didn't want to go any more and I was tired of trying. They decided to withdraw me and to home school me. My parents called it "homeschooling" but really all they did was pay somebody with an "internet school" to email lessons every day and give A's regardless of whether or not I turned in my work. The lessons weren't even grade specific. The guy had written them himself and he recycled the same "lessons" every year. In the beginning I tried to do them, but it wasn't long before they were too pointless to even look at. I was so depressed and I didn't care any more. All I wanted was a friend. Nobody in my family ever seemed to really want to talk. Everybody was so preoccupied with their roles. Even though her father started spending the majority of his time at home after he had been so absent, things didn't return to balance. Her mother was still so vengeful and unhappy, and her father was ashamed and self righteous in doing what he thought was right.

My parents almost never trusted me because of the ways I would sneak around to find some relief by talking to my online friends. They would blatantly tell me that I was untrustworthy and this crushed me. My days consisted of sitting around at home watching tv, obsessing over how to navigate the hellish maze my life was, and suffering deep depression because somehow, all of this was my fault. Logic wasn't present in this conclusion. My feelings were real and the people that were supposed to love and protect me acted like I was never good enough to be loved. Her parents were always home because her mother didn't work and her father was a self employed contractor. My brothers were my parents henchmen often enough that I didn't trust them. Anything they saw that I did wrong, they would report to my parents.

When I was 14, my father invited his brother to come stay with us because things with his family were getting rough and they were short on money. He came to live with us with the supposed intention of trying to find a job so he could send money back to his family while my parents lent them thousands. He made himself right at home and pursued all kinds of things to keep himself busy. But he never actually got a job. Looking back, it's clear he never even wanted to. I was happy to have a new face in the house because I was very lonely. I had happy childhood memories with my uncle and his family so I never could've predicted the way my uncle found his niche in the twisting cycle of my house's dysfunctional dynamics. He looked at me and saw a child that needed to be shown how they were wrong. Being a skilled network administrator, he would look through the files on my pc and comment to me later about the content. He brought attention to the fact that I had some pornographic pictures on my harddrive. Nothing much about it, other than he had seen them and he wanted me to know. When I wasn't allowed to have the internet on my own computer any more, he was in charge of dispending my computer time on the extra linux machine that he controlled. Every single day he would set a new password. The theme was "mammals". I found a mammal encyclopedia in my house and in the middle of the night, I would go through the list of different mammals until I got the right password. I was precocious in playing these kinds of games with my parents and my uncle. I felt like I needed to outsmart them in order to survive while simultaneously being the person that they wanted me to be.

The password trick always worked and I didn't think anybody knew about it until one day when I was practically home alone with my uncle, I came downstairs and heard strange audio playing from the computers speakers. Nobody was around so I walked closer to listen out of curiosity. As soon as I realized what it was, I was mortified. A computer generated voice was reading a chatlog of a conversation I had with an online friend. I couldn't believe it. It was so purposeless. He wasn't taking any kind of responsible action out of concern. He was high off the power to control me. He was ****ing with my head.

He played the mentor role with me while simultaneously pulling my strings.

My uncle lived with us for a year in total and our disturbed interactions reached a pinacle when I came home from a road trip family vacation. He and one of my brothers house sitted while my family and I drove around the US to see different attractions. When we got back to my house, we had been gone for a little under two weeks. He acted smugly with me and told me I would be thankful to him because he did me a favor. He wouldn't tell me what it was but I found out immediately because the first thing I did was go to my room. I have always been a disorganized and cluttered person and my room would always be a mess. I didn't really like it that way but I liked it because it was mine. When I walked into my room, nothing was where it belonged. Everything that was mine had been organized and cleaned. Touched and gone through. 

I had had my parents disrespect my personal space and things countless times before with acts like confiscating my journal, reading it, refusing to give it back because I should be ashamed of what I wrote. They removed my door knob because too often, I would lock myself in my room. Eventually things like my computer got taken away, along with all of my stuff. They even removed the door to my room off it's hinges so I wouldn't have the priveledge of privacy. I guess they thought they could force me see their way by depriving me of everything important to me.

What my uncle had done wasn't nearly as bad as what my parents did out of their misguided good intentions. It was the fact the HE did it. At this point in his stay, I despised him and the way he treated me. My parents knew this or at least I think they did. But then again, I don't know because I don't think they really wanted to know anything about the way I actually felt about anything. It was all invalid anyway.

I was filled with so much rage that this man who was out to get me went into my personal space and my personal things and defiled them with his presence. I felt psychotic with my emotions and I tried to explain this to my parents as best as I could. They didn't take me very seriously until an hour later I still refused to go into my room and sat outside on the patio sobbing. My father eventually came out and tried to calm me down and with difficulty, said that perhaps my uncles actions were inconsiderate. I desperately tried to get him to validate my feelings but he refused. I was devastated. I did not feel safe and I lost the will to hold onto the illusion that everything would be okay someday. I was so hopeless and I had nowhere to go and nothing to turn to to escape what I was feeling. I had to end it. I came to peace knowing I was giving up the priveledge to have my own life one day.  It didn't even matter. I made myself a last meal the next day. It was a cheap frozen oven pizza and it wasn't even good. In her mother's bathroom she found a bottle of aspirin and ate 27 of them. She decided to spend her last moments with the only friend she had, a pet chinchilla. She was so sad that she wouldn't be around to take care of him any more. Sitting on the floor of her room, she anxiously waited for the time to pass not regretting what she had done. Changes in her body were making themselves known as the drugs took effect and she felt thirsty. She went downstairs to get a drink out of the fridge when an urgent feeling of sickness came over her. She ran to the nearby bathroom and violently emptied her stomach. Her father's home office was only a hallway away and he heard what happened. He ran over to investigate and talk through the closed door."What are you doing in there? Are you sick?" Panicked about what was happening, scared that he would know, both relieved and regretful that she may not die, she ran out of the bathroom and upstairs into the other bathroom which had a lock. She sat alone and sobbed, not knowing what to think. If only they would leave her alone.  Her fathers voice yelled to her mothers across the house. There are chewed up pills in the toilet! He banged on the bathroom door to make sure that his daughter was physically okay. She was and she wanted to be left alone. Her body felt sick and weak and her mind didn't even want to know what was going on any more so after some time she snuck out of the bathroom and crawled into her bed to pass out. When she woke up her father nervously came in and cautiously acted nicely. He didn't mention what she had done except until he brought her a bowl of ice cream to help her feel better. "Better try not to OD on the icecream", he said nervously but as if in good spirits. Everybody in my family started to treat me a little bit more considerately. My brothers did me favors and acted towards me 

And they did after they made sure she was physically okay. 

Her father had an issue with her mom that she was to never disagree with or contradict him infront of the children.

It seemed like everybody who had hurt me did so because they had good intentions.

I started taking over the counter allergy medicine to fall asleep every night. I would sleep as long as I could every night. There was nothing to get up to in the morning. 

My parents would tell me to do my schoolwork. 








These days, my family looks like a much happier picture. Two of my brother moved out and got married and one of them just had a baby. My parents are doing better now that my dad has developed a new nuclear technology that will take of thier financial issues. They bought their dream house are probably going to retire in a few years. 

trying to think of a way to get onto the internet, 


playing on the internet (during the short periods when I was actually allowed to have it), 

They were disturbed by the fact that I developed relationships with the people I talked to online. Looking back, even though I haven't talked to any of those online people in years, they were good friends willing to lend me an ear and tell me I wasn't crazy.

I was bad because I felt bad.

or space to be a teenage girl.

But they never really did.

She was a nervous unhappy wreck and I was left to parent myself in many ways. I tried not to get in the way and avoided my parent's negativity as much as I could. 




I started skipping my classes and going to a nearby library to read all day. 





In my house , I felt ashamed to be a girl. My mother was neurotically bipolar and she would provide me almost no support. Now that I think about it, she would hardly ever talk to me at all.
 after I got to around age 7 or 8, her focus drifted into desperately occupying herself with whatever she could to distract her from her own unhappiness. sadly, we have that trait in common. 

When I was 13 and I got my period, I felt ashamed and I didn't know what to do about it. I hid it from my parents and managed to buy my own feminine products. They didn't find out until they saw the evidence in my garbage. Nobody really talked to me about it and after that my mom would buy them for me and then just leave them in my room.

Once I hit puberty, I wasn't ever allowed to wear shorts or tank tops. 

A friend I used to have said he thought I had too many male influences in my life. He's right I guess because I've always felt different than other girls. In school, it was clear what was important to be popular, and individuality wasn't at the top of the list. I felt out casted and alienated from my own gender. I couldn't relate to the girls at my school because I was weird and defective. I couldn't relate to my mother because she was deemed bad and psychotic. 

I used eating to feed my depression because it was one of the few things I could help myself to do.

 had in school 

I'm only just getting over it and coming to terms with what happened to my younger self

These days I'm not really sure what my parents think of me. In my teens when I still lived at home, I was the scapegoat for my family's dysfunction. 