
some notes;

Upon sniffing it, I was immediately scared because it hit right away and the taste reminded me of DMT. My perception was altered within seconds and I panicked that maybe we had mixed up the bags and I was fucked. 

I had decided to do a 150mg dose because in the past, I had done 100mg or maybe even a little bit more and enjoyed a mild but amazingly potent experience. I came away from those with a feeling that the rabbit hole must go deeper and I would be able to traverse the territory safely and confidently.

It was a little bit of a shame though that I had to discover for myself the bare bones basic rule of research chemicals: be more careful than you would think to be careful. This new bag of DPT was a much finer material than the previous batch and by taste alone, it could be concluded to be significantly more potent than the DPT I had done before. And I was doing 1.5x the dose to test it.

Amp was with me throughout the experience, on a similar dose... though not nearly as affected. He's a psychedelic hardhead, had more experience with altered states, and I have a low tolerance to psychedelics in general, while he's at least average. Sadly for him, (although he didn't mind), our little adventure turned into him having to babysit me in one of the most fucked up states I've ever been in. Our conversation was comical, and I wish I had a tape. The peculiar reason I mention our interaction is because afterwards, he remarked that I became 3 different people throughout the trip, without my awareness, and each was an expression of different parts of my personality. Fascinating stuff.

Anyway, back to the actual experience. I talked, hung out, and at some points, even became a vegetable. But my actual perception of the trip was fucking out of this world. DPT is a very similar molecule to DMT, thus the similar acronyms. Like DMT, I discovered it has it's own dimension of timeless awareness as 5-meo-DMT in particular does.

The differences between the two are as follows...

5-meo-DMT with a big enough dose will completely annihilate your ego and elevate your soul/pure consciousness to a perception of time and existence that can best be summarized by eternal. There is no time, and there is no ego. There is just everything as it is, and your silly human being personality, which could never really grasp the concept as readily as your pure state of awareness, is mercilessly left behind after you blast off.

This is the thing about high dose DPT that I think is incredibly twisted and I wouldn't want to do it again. During the experience, I felt like my consciousness was going through a cycling process of realizing eternity, timelessness, and everything... but at the same time, trying to support my ego which was rendered incredibly primitive by what was happening. I was a divided consciousness. I was divided between being psychedelically inebriated and knowing exactly what was going on not only on an immediate level, but with the universe and time.

I felt like my awareness had split into two halves that were on a hopeless mission to reconcile with each other.