

The importance of learning to live with yourself, be with yourself, and primarily being yourself can't be superceded by any other necessity. Every person is thrown into this life with their experience as the only verifiable point that they can rely on. Solipsism isn't usually the most practical or sensible conclusion because of this, but upholding a constant reliable center in yourself is absolutely necessary to live truly and fully. It's been argued that we're social animals, and anything other than that is disturbingly unnatural. Not to mention in this day and age, each human being is born into a culture that enables them with language and abstractions to further utilize and understand their complex experiences and potential.

As long as man's consciousness is segregrated into individual and private cooperating units, each person, (for their own and the greater good), needs to be a completely functioning unit that can completely rely on itself without the support of the whole. As Socrate's most famously said.. "Know thyself." 

Life as a human being is a complex storm of both unique spiritual individuality and reliably common human impulses and needs. With our amazing wiring and neurological mechanations, we as a species have given birth to the most complex entity on this planet. Calculating self awareness. Consciousness. Could our consciousness just be an accident, capturing some essence of the universe and replaying it over deterministically evolved brain computers? Muddling it and confusing it to be tricked under the spell of human nature. The fact that our consciousness is capable of surpassing it's weaknesses triggers in me a great deal of meaningfulness. After all the DMT I've smoked, I can hardly say I believe this universe to be accidental in any sense. Perhaps it was circumstantial in some grand scheme and not planned by some mythical consciousness.

Could love be an accident?


It's all about the way you feel. It doesn't matter if you're not the same girl as you were a year ago. You change. You evolve. Amazing. It's good.