I think this will echo what a lot of people in this thread have said in other words but the number one cause of unhappiness in my life has to do with the innapropriate (but all too common) social conditioning I picked up through out my youth. I had a really traumatic childhood that made me resort to spending my adolescence in a flury to distract myself from how miserable my reality really was.

Deep down in my youth, I felt powerless from being conditioned to believe that my actions didn't make a difference. My spirit would strive to go on and I somehow found optomism within me but my life never ultimately reflected it until lately. My problem as of late is defeating the remaining apathy that lays within me when it comes to taking control of my life. My only weapon against the crippling depression I faced when I was younger was changing my attitude about it. Even though this is a very strong skill of mine, it turned against me because even when I managed to shift my perspective, I could never uphold the real world side of it by consciously and persistently doing things to really change my life for the better, for good. It was immature - I wanted to be good, I wanted to be happy - but I didn't have the self discipline to see that every action and every thought is the same with it's power to decide how you're going to feel after you have or do them.



How many people have you met that could really be considered happy? Happiness is almost treated as a societal myth of a state that only the chosen ones may ascend to. People live their lives misguided; chasing and pursuing what other people have told them will fulfill them. The state of happiness recieves a lot of publicity in our western culture. It is something to strive for but at the same time, where are all of the other pillars that make it possible? True happiness is the by product of living a mindful life, aware of your own existence as well as everything else and allowing the interconnected perspective to bring you true peace where things like joy and happiness can flourish. Yet this isn't encouraged and this magical happiness and fulfillment is the true myth behind all religions and motives American.

At the core of everything, I've discovered that life really is incredibly simple and people on a whole are deeply confused. And it's no wonder... we live in a fucked up age to try and better our lives profoundly. We are constantly being misguided by the world around us. There are commercials on TV telling women that they need certain products to feel better about themselves as people. Religions tell people that they need to live scripture dictated lives because they're broken and sinful people without it. Society tells people that in order to be happy, you must have superficial things and the american dream family/spouse/status in order to be complete. Nobody really believes this garbage........ or [i]do they?[/i]

Because we are all empty. But are we really? Could it be possible that we've lived our lives from childhood being told falsities that have ingrained themselves so insidiously into our subconscious, that we lack the courage or even the knowledge to look deep within ourselves to see the flaming fire of purpose and potential that each and every person can discover within themselves?

They don't teach you this in school. Actually, they don't teach you much in school at all besides how to cooperate and prepare yourself for the "real world" which in most circles mightas well just be a more sophisticated high school atmosphere. And the government likes it that way. The world goes round another day while each gear in place ticks away.

The general theme is people telling you what you need and what to think while they can [i]never[/i] actually give you these things. To get anywhere, all authority must be disregarded. I don't mean the local police force or your government, although they play a role. I'm speaking of mental authorities. Every idealogy or value a person has picked up throughout their development and allowed to shape them must be thoroughly examined. Full responsibility needs to be assumed for what and who you are and why. This is the only way the world will ever change because every problem within the world is a problem within yourself. 

Look at the state of our world. Even if you're not as knowledgeable or in tune to what's [i]really going on[/i] under the surface of what the media is lying to you about, you can still see that our planet is fighting itself. Greed, power, and money lies at the heart and core of our no longer free country. (I'm american unfortunately.) These are childish struggles. We as a species are incredibly childish. Incredibly sophisticated children with greeds and idealogies and ambitions to control those around us. And we're too enamored by these short term gains to realise the potential our species has to AWAKEN to ourselves and the profound intelligence that awaits us. This isn't a national problem, or a specific problem of just a few assholes who happen to be calling the shots. This is the problem of each and every human being neglecting to understand our true nature in order to find peace and harmony with ourselves and the world around us.

I was talking to somebody just the other day about how most people in our society tend to never grow up. An average person will reach a certain point of functional development, secure their life structure, and then.... stop. Standstill. They don't get significantly more intelligent and they live their lives on a downward sloping plateau. The contrast of different kinds of people I've met throughout my life is a very real concept to go on. I tend to find myself surrouonded by artists, free thinkers, musicians, and those people who do psychedelic drugs responsibly. Why is that? Because these people are often the only ones I find to be turned ON to their higher spiritual development. Spirituality is the label that's been placed onto this kind of growth but I think it's too short sighted.

as one quote goes...
"We are not human beings having a spiritual experience
We are spiritual beings having a human experience."

At the heart of the human experience is CONSCIOUSNESS. We are aware and conscious beings. We weren't born people. We were conditioned into becoming people. 

I went through the most unbelievable 180* revolution a person could conceptualize - I'm still working on it! In essence, I stopped regarding myself as a person. People have issues and inadequacies. They are self contained units of all their selfish desires and aversions that without perspective, lead to pathology and struggle. It's a never ending cycle that could keep you busy your entire life. I personally feel that this model is way too short sighted to give respect to what I really am. I am a human being. I am a conscious entity that happens to be inhabiting this body in this fuckin kooky world where everybody else would rather classify and separate eachother. Whether it be religion, race, nationality, gender, appearance, or superficial wealth, we have all been trained from a very young age to identify with our irrelevant specifications to the point of our perspective being limited and warped. In essence, we are all one. We are all in the same sinking boat and we are all so distracted by irrelevancy. We're wasting our time. It's not Us and Them. It just Is.

But is this even your problem? It's everybody's problem. As long as we hold ourselves back and limit our evolution into little corners of specialization, we will experience the deep dissatisfaction of not fulfilling our potential, which is in essence our purpose. An acorn's purpose is to grow into a tree. That is the natural order of things. To only stop at a small sapling makes little sense in the bigger picture. Evolution is the next step on our ladder. Life is movement and acceleration. Perhaps you are satisfied with just enjoying your existence and living a comfortable life. Most people I've met are. They're selfish and short sighted. They invest all of their energy into furnishing and decorating their little bubble and may even find good company... other people to visit and coexist inside their bubble along with them. Yet it's still a bubble limiting your awareness of the global state of things - which you can't separate yourself from no matter how strong one's denial is.

That's why this is such a troubled time. Because change is troubling. There's a growing awareness in the world that all is not well and it's not merely the times that are changing. What it means to be human is changing.


 Do yourself a favor and let go of any expectations because if you're fortunate enough to see this transformation for what it is, it will be completely unprecedented.




My childhood was a nightmare. I don't need to go into details to describe the trauma and the wounds it left upon me but when I tell people the situation I lived in for years while I was young, I'm met with horror. My parents stripped me of all the dignity I had as a person because of their own short sightedness and their own personal issues. I was a guinea pig in an experiment that went horribly wrong and instead of fixing it, they choose denial when it came to what they were doing to me. Denial of a 13 year olds repeated and very serious suicide attempts to paint a picture. They took me out of school and moved me cross country and mightas well have kept me in the basement. They denied me a social life and real education because I was hopeless in their eyes. If they had any productive foresight at the time, they would've jumped on the chance to get me proffessional psychological help. I rationalise they didn't want to admit to their own incompetency or they would've done this. It was that serious.

When I was around 15 I had gone through an emotional and suicidal blender so thoroughly that I no longer cared. By chance I happened to meet one or two other people who were much older that empathised with my condition. Theirs was one in the same, although self created. I was at the point of desperation and resolution. I had lost my will to live and be good and my only resort was to epicly distract myself so I wouldn't have to face my horror.

The next handful of years were interesting to say the least. I did a lot of drugs. I had a lot of superficial fun and my god, I got talented at distracting myself. But I was leading a very troubled and nonconfrontational existence. I was a divided person. There were others within me. Things about my life and myself I refused to accept or acknowledge. All of my friendships and relationships mirrored this sickness. No matter what I did, this incompleteness would follow. I became so skillful at the double life I was leading within my own mind that I didn't even allow myself to realise I was doing it. Because the truth hurts.

I was only ready to face this duality after I had hit rock bottom. I had been waking up to my life here and there... a lot of thinking and some psychedelics will do that to you. I was becoming too aware for the constructions I had placed in my mind in my own twisted self regulation. They weren't working any more. I started to see the barriers in place for myself. My perspective rose to a bird's eye view to see the entire mechanations of my personality and with this realization, I was only further horrified. My relationships and lifestyle came to a standstill. I couldn't separate my intense and poorly supressed feelings from my realizations any more. I stayed in this gradual process for over half a year. It was an absolute nightmare where I gave up on everything I had tried to strive for. In essence, I died. It was a long and painful process where my will to live this way dwindled until it became nothing. And in this nothing there was the confidence of apathy. I was sitting in the rubble of everything I had sabotaged in my twisted effort to create. What now? What the fuck do I do now? I got up and left. I moved back to my parents house because I knew nothing worse could happen to me. The process was one of letting go as much as I knew how to because I had consciously decided that holding on to anything in desire for it to be different than reality should propose it to be, was a waste of time.

I shuffled off the fact that I was wounded as deeply as I was. It was so serious that I felt there was nothing I could do but keep going if that's what I wanted to do. I saw some of my old friends upon coming back and met back up with them. They were exactly where I had left them. Going nowhere. Some time had passed and some things had changed, but in essence, they were archaic relics of who they might one day be. I was amazed at the feelings of certainty I had when it came to what I should do. A compass began to function inside of me and I knew I couldn't be around these kinds of people any more. My direction was elsewhere.

Miraculously and serendipitiously, I effortlessly created an entirely new social circle. I can't imagine what my life would be now like if I hadn't saturated myself in this new environment as I did. It played such an integral role in my development with one realization that's so simple it makes me feel silly. There are other people who personally know the things I know, been the places I've been, done the things I've done and come out better people because of it. The societal black sheep that defy the norm of what I had been told to aspire to my entire life with conflict. These people were well spoken individuals, soulful friends, and aware enough to be a light to me. I suddenly became exposed to an entire subculture of people that were openminded enough not to leave anything out. It doens't matter where you came from, what matters is what you bring to the table. I had found my true family to some extent and it showed me that I'm not alone. It chipped away all those final feelings of solipsism and separateness I had carried with me throughout my life up until that point.  

The reason I think it's important to tell other people about this process is because I think it's a heavily magnified and concentrated version of what most people go through in their lives in a subtler fashion. It concerns every existential issue on the table and it FORCED me to confront them. I had no choice - it was a life or death situation. "If this entire existence of mine doesn't make sense with all of the suffering I have endured, then what the fuck?" kind of epic.