Fuck.

Fuck.

Fuck the person that took my phone. I'm surprized at how quickly I've gotten over the fact that it happened. It did. It happened. I'm over it. The prospect of dealing with my life without a cell phone is still going to be tricky and tedious. I've already decided what I'm going to do. When i get to Philly and there's the pospect of free wireless internet, I'll get the necessary numbers to coordinate my ride. It sucks fucking balls without a cell phone though. When I get to Mitch's or my parents house (preferably my parents house where there's a phone I can use) I'll talk to Asher and apologize for not paying him. I intend to pay him back and I absolutely cannot afford to get another sidekick. I'm going to have to settle for one of those basic and bare minimum flip phones. But that's okay because my life is becoming less digital every day. I use AIM and the internet less and I don't really give a fuck about those special features of a nifty keyboard any more. I just need a phone with numbers in it, preferably with a speaker and a microphone. Nice. And. Simple. So I will have a phone and I'll get it mailed to me ASAP. I might even be able to go into a T-mobile store and just get a different phone for the plan immediately. Like, tomorrow. Okay.... I'm calming down. I'll cut my losses and still pay Asher back and all I'm really losing is a fuckin flip keyboard, an mp3 player I don't use, and internet I no longer need. Plus 30 bucks or so. 

Looks like I'm going to be okay. I kinda lost it there for a little while. It's coming out in my sentences and my structure... I need to write. Without purpose, I need to squint my eyes through the darkness and try and guess what it is that I see. What the fuck have I been up to? Where the hell have I been? Why am I a completely different person than I used to be with all the old parts of myself sounding like distant echos in the shadow of this entity that I am today? Not sure where to even continue from there.

Not sure where to start with anything. If I recollect, the best place to begin is usually the middle.

Am I happy about Mike and I? Yes. Most of myself is. Our relationship has evolved to an entirely new level, leaving all of our bad memories behind. Yet, they still remain and they exist in me as the subtle hesitations that flavor my perspective on the feelings inbetween us. They're not right though and that tendency needs to be squashed.

I'm on a train, on my way towards my new life. Fuck that phone. I'm going to be inconvenienced in the short term but that short term might only last until tomorrow. Fuck it. I'd rather spend this time conceiving of my new life. My new self, my new everything. Key word: my own. All my life I've carried things around with me that I had aquired through out my unhappy youth and they had dragged me down and turned me into something that I'm not. I am not a broken person with a broken life. Those are seperate entities; diseases that have made me sick. And now I will be healthy.