Oh, Steve Pavlina, you've been so helpful to me. Your articles ripen all the more as I grow older and wiser in my development. I need that encouragement to realize WHY I feel like the Old Me That I Don't Want To Be instead of the NEW and IMPROVED Galina in Her GROOVE! 

I'm kind of intimidated this morning. I woke up feeling happy and capable today and I sat down in MY ROOM to play on my computer while drinking my coffee. But everything I was doing left me with a feeling of unease. I have been growing and changing in a lot of ways and recently, those changes have started to show themselves in how I handle people and situations. Scary! Change is scary but while it's happening, there's that internal confidence that allows everything to flow smoothly. There's courage to disregard the fear, acknowledge and accept it, and then do things anyway. 

But this morning, and so many other times that I can recall, waking up to find myself in the middle of a change without that immediate inspiration, flow, and confidence leaves me feeling like I have bitten off more than I can chew. I feel unsure of myself as I do simple things or ponder what it is I would like to do to support my new possitive ideals. But I feel out of alignment with them because they are so new and foreign and I can't rely on being an expert every moment through these changes. I don't always know what to do. And anxiety is born out of this. The first thought that comes from this anxiety is a feeling of impending doom and failure for whatever it is I'm trying to do or change. I'm just not cut out for this and I'm screwed! How could I be so stupid to even try and attempt something like this?!

A great comfort washes over me as I narrate these internal processes. There's comfort in understanding these feelings and thoughts. Things are not as they seem. These supposedly real obstacles in my mind reveal themselves to be temporary reactions that are understandable in my circumstances. Suddenly, there is space around them. I am no longer in the middle of the storm of feeling failure or negativity. Infact, from where I'm standing, I'm completely detached from the outcomes of my greater ideas. I understand that there are things I can do in this world to elicit the results that I desire. But at the same time, I realize that this is just a game I am playing, one that I would most certainly like to win, but a game nonetheless. Obstacles in this game can affect my game piece's reality or circumstances, but because it's just a game, none of these game variables can actually affect ME, the player. Whenever I am done playing, I will get up and walk away from the board. I can still be invested in the act of playing because I can learn from my mistakes and also be pleased by my success. But it's still... just the game. I do not need to panic at the losses I accumulate or the risks I can take. 

There's a new and a better way to play. I am learning this. It's hard sometimes because in those anxiety ridden moments, my perspective is far too narrow and negatively focused to hold all of this in my mind's eye. But this perspective will wait for me. It's truth, and it's always there in life. If I lose track of that true path, I only have to wait for the trigger that reminds me who I am so I can pick right back up where I left off. And as time goes on, I spend more and more time here. It's a wonderful place, really! I'm starting to prefer being here. To have the power to dismiss the motivation of fear!! - That is true power. Very befitting of my true self. I will take this inspired and invincible world/self-view over the half conscious fear based view any day that I can logically appraise my options. It makes sense.

You know that anxiety that you began writing with? Transformed. Empowered. That is magic. And that can happen with all things you wish to overcome. Because face it. You know very well whether or not your current viewpoint is working for you. You either like it or you don't. It either empowers you or it dims. The beauty is that you can pick and choose. That is your power if you wish to take it. 

Decide. Plan. Take ACTION.

No more overthinking or stalling.

What is it that you wish to decide to do?

I wish to start living a life that empowers the person I know I can be. I have decided already to do this, and it shows in the little choices I have been making through out my days. 

I want to overcome addiction. I want to be inspired. I want to enjoy the little things. I want to be organized in how I manage my life. I want to shower myself with love and self care. I want to nourish my body and my soul. I want to feel good. I want to connect with other people. I want to be grateful for all of the good that is in my life. I want to believe in myself and my abilities so I can discover myself and my abilities. I want to connect with my higher self and live my life on purpose. 

And most important of all, I want to cultivate a sanctuary within myself that I can refer to for peace, wisdom, and guidance so that I may live my life as if I have nothing to lose, enjoy and appreciate all of the good and the bad, and to be practically DETACHED from the outcomes so that no matter what really happens, I am well within myself.

!!!!!

Damn, it feels good to define these things. Yes, you have it in you. Do not doubt your own power. 

These are my goals. My task is to prioritize, to analyze, and to plan how I am going to make my dream a reality.





-----------------------Later that day.






Drama drama drama. It seems like I just can't win with this relationship no matter how maturely or supportively I approach it. I have been disqualified from my credibility and as a result, disabled from being able to actually do anything. I need to get up off my ass. I've been sitting around ever since I woke up reading personal development articles looking for some kind of Self-Help-Junkie guidance fix. Ironically, that craving was never really satisfied. The intention behind what I was doing came into light and I felt ashamed. I kept going though because I started to read some things that seemed to be generally helpful. Things I can write about now. So I didn't get my fix. So what.








