Some things need to be thought out and designated for me to act and feel appropriately.

For one, trust but verify. I shouldn't let suspicions torture me endlessly because worry is wasteful and if I'm going to seriously approach my life and my choices, (in this case to give this man a chance because I love him and I believe in the possibility of us being respectfully happy together), I should just do it without being needlessly conflicted.

If he is being unworthy of me, I will know in due time. I know he wants to be with me to make such leaps of effort and dedication but if he's unable to even uphold one trite little thing to him that will destroy me... then fuck him. I can't have people in my life so close to me that will play these retarded games with my heart. it's too precious.

so trust but verify. I will life my life rightly with dignity and dedicate myself to my choices so in the end, no matter what happens, I won't be the one in the wrong. I want to live genuinely above all else. when I'm there I can get a much more acurate picture of what's really going on. I won't bring my cat. I won't make any longterm commitment. 

It's hard. But.. it's right. Be good. Be good to yourself and be good to the world.

This is my resolve in the end and I know when I'm right.


[
thunder song

my heart is eerily calm
I don't run from anything
thunder storms rage around me
but I don't even feel the rain

time to take a long walk
footsteps echo my thoughts
and I discover that I begin
when the world stops

I rain / I pour
]

(a thousand storms could rage around me
and I wouldnt even feel the rain)

and then the tears come.



there's brief comfort
in the fact that my pain is righteous
and I try every day
without turning away

to live the dream




when it gets dark I no longer fall apart
because eternal things can never break
my ego cries while my soul smiles and sighs
and I say just wait, just wait

one day your job will be done




but it's so tempting to have nothing to lose at all


lovers desroying eachother 
picking apart their hearts
crucifying their differences
and forgetting the start