Ahhh... I woke up with a clear recollection of what I wanted to write about last night but it's been overshowed by the drama of today. Nevertheless,

I made an important example of myself last night. I stayed up for HOURS stressing and feeling miserable and hopeless about this guy. What was he doing? Sleeping. Even if he weren't sleeping, he would've been awake and on his computer, not giving a shit. Does he sit there and think about how he is responsible for our relationship not moving forward? Does he sit around thinking about what is wrong inside of him that keeps all of this from working? Does he obsess himself over how much he wants this relationship and the frustrations that block him? No, no, and no. He sits around and when the issue of our differences come up, he pats himself on the back for being the most reasonable human being on the planet, and laments that he's unfortunately stuck with an impossible woman who threatens his ideal of perfection. When we're talking and I am desperately trying every clever and considerate angle to communicate the way I perceive his behavior to him, he is reducing all of what I say to simple terms where I am the problem.

And in a sick way, this is what he wants because no matter what his deal really is, he is an emotionally disturbed person incapable of a loving relationship. I am the fool who looks at this sick man thinking I am the cure. The foolishness of this assumption doesn't escape him and he holds it against me. I am obviously a weak person to allow myself to be here in this relationship. I have sacrificed my worth, potential, and wellbeing to volunteer for his human vivisection project. 

I have opened my heart to him, showing him all of my weaknesses and how they work. And after he has observed, studied, and drawn his conclusions, he neglects to sew me back up. I am left with a gaping hole in my chest, bleeding out my life, reeling with hurt and confusion, and he has already left what was a failed experiment.

I am the fool. I am the fool who came to him asking for love and acceptance, so that we could help eachother. I am the fool for believing that he was capable of giving that to me. I was blinded with this foolishness because of how desperately I needed that love and acceptance to make me be okay. I would go to any lengths to achieve those ends, even give up everything I had or was, because without his love, I was nothing anyway. He knows I am that fool and he despises me for it. How could anybody respect such a fool when they've watched them be so hopelessly foolish again and again? 

But even he does not want to admit to this reality just as I couldn't. As long as I am the fool, hopeless to love myself or be loved, his own foolishness is concealed. His own inability to reach out and love another never becomes an issue as long as my foolishness is the reason for his lack. And just maybe, that is why my personal developments are so untrustworthy and dispicable to him. As I heal myself and become a person that is capable for love and reciprocation, his own foolishness is suddenly revealed. His own sense of perfection is suddenly revealed to be the pathetic guise it really is. My true love threatens to expose him for the fraud that he really is.

And I had foolishly looked to him for support. I looked to him to recognize the beautiful thing I was trying to do for both of our lives. I was giving a gift to myself so that I could begin giving to this relationship. I cultivated my patience and my understanding so that I could show him he was safe to trust in me while he simultaneously used his impatience and misunderstanding to show me that I couldn't trust in myself. The hopelessness of what I was doing did not escape me.

Every time I brought attention to my real feelings about what was happening between us, to show him my pain, he turned away and refused to acknowledge that my hurt existed as anything other than a defect on my own part. This hurt me so deeply that I could not come to terms with the reality of what was happening. I could not face my own worst fear even though I attracted it into my life so that I could face it. My denial worked in his favor though. I became the defective receptacle of his own inadequacies so that he could continue to deny them. So that he could continue to believe that he was the victim of other people's defects in this defected world. Our denial and defense mechanisms were in love. 

I was more than willing to martyrize my own inadequacies and faults if that was what it took to be honest and worthy of love.
He was more than willing to have me be a martyr of inadequacy and fault if that was what it took to justify his inability to love me.

We are a match made in hell, bonded together through the darkside of our human nature.
I was raised in a home where my parents neglected, rejected, and refused to love me because of my percieved inadequacy.
He was raised in a home where he neglected, rejected and refused to love his widowed mother because of her percieved inadequacy.

I have been tormented by thoughts of leaving this relationship because of the potential I believed it has. During our good times, our chemistry was unfathomably supernatural. I now understand that this was because of our unconscious familiarity to one another. Unconsciously, we recognized that we have dealt wtih each other's archetypal forms before and the hurt within each of us that had been denied and suppressed into our unconsciousnesses where we both recognized that we each had what the other person needed to heal and become whole.

This explains our extradorinary need and dependency on one another. We both have felt as if we couldn't live without each other and that we belonged together. Before I understood this, I misinterpreted this magnetic force as love and as proof that we couldn't give up on eachother. And despite our efforts, we played out the same drama again and again. We both have harbored and directed intense hatred at one another, disguised as love. Until we evolve past that behavior, it is our nature. In our conscious experience, we profess our love for one another while our shadows conspire to get close enough to elicit the pain we feel the other deserves for the hurt we carry inside of us.

I now realize that the only place to consciously go from this point of understanding is a place of healing. I have realized what is happening here and why this relationship is completely futile as long as this dance of insanity continues. It's pointless and a waste of time to approach this relationship with healing energy because as long as this relationship is unconscious, it is impossible to save. On an unconscious level, we both created this conflict and this pain and the only way to heal and become liberated from that process is to become conscious of it. I am ready to do that. I am ready to acknowledge that we are both hurt and twisted human beings in need of conscious love so that we may let go of our past habits and tendencies. But I can only do this for myself.

This saddens me deeply. When I am able to let go of my premature emotions of anger, hurt, and resentment and just feel the totality of this understanding, I am overwhelmed by the IS-ness of it all. There is beauty in this tragedy. There is beauty in appreciating such a magnificent display of two human beings expressing their misplaced and denied selves in the hopes of becoming whole without even being consciously aware of what they're doing. Our misguided and unknown will to life is beyond anything we could have ever imagined. 


And while I can speak from a stance of forgiveness and understanding about all of this, there still arises a powerful anger inside of me over what has been done to me. It's rare for me to allow myself to feel it, but when I do it's unmistakeable. I have been extremely wronged. I have been rejected, humiliated, objectified, blamed, and punished. I have had my rights as a human being shit on and I have been decieved to believe that is what I deserved. 

I AM worthy of love, appreciation, and consideration. I have many skills, talents, and quirks that bless me with my uniqueness as a human being. I am a spiritual individual on their own journey back to God and I deserve to know that I am unconditionally loved and good regardless of my faults and my mistakes as a person. I am an emotional being and I deserve to have my feelings respected and honored, and it's wrong for anybody to deny me these rights. There is a real concept of fairness which exists in this world and it applies to all individuals regardless of who they are.

I do not have to save the person who's attacked me. And I was wrong in my assumption that I had to save the monster in order to be worthy of love.

It is helpful to understand that there was never true love inbetween us and that we can not save each other. We can only save ourselves by realizing what has happened and is happening inside of ourselves and inbetween us. To believe anything else is only further delusion.

By ASKING or BARGAINING for his love, respect, or appreciation, I am proving in his eye's that I am unworthy of all of those things. Which is disturbingly CONVENIENT because he isn't capable of giving out those things anyway. We are together in this relationship so we can avoid seeing ourselves as we really are. He is incapable of loving and I am incapable of loving myself. By keeping each other around, we both have the perfect excuse for why we can't do these things and we blame each other instead of taking responsibility for ourselves.

When you feel bad FOR HIM, what you are really doing is denying how bad you feel about yourself. The hurt is still there and your mind, in denial of it, creates a story for your feelings that conveniently render you oblivious to attend your pain and also inflate your sick EGO. It is better to sacrifice yourself for somebody or care about their fate than it is your own. Perhaps I am a lowsy person but at least I have this one good quality of sympathy.

In reality, by remaining in his life, I am doing both him and myself a disservice. By maintaining our relationship as it is, I am allowing him to continue behavior that is damaging to both of us. As long as I tolerate it by staying in the relationship, he is not going to change because what he's been doing has worked. I have reinforced his unhealthy behavior while simultaneously reinforcing my own. There is no way I'm going to be able to take this relationship in a different direction. The only person that can help him is himself and I can help him by making that possibile. I have denied leaving as an option because I've feared what would happen to him without me. The realistic antidote to that thinking is to realize what staying here is doing not only to me, but to him. In the light of awareness, I fear what will happen to both of us if I don't leave.

His fate is not my responsibility. Even if I wanted to volunteer for the job anyway, I would do it poorly as I have and he'd be in a worse place. We were both broken in our own ways before we ever met eachother and it's not our job to fix one another. You don't have to fix what you didn't break. If we are bonded together in this sick relationship by our mutual disease, then a chance for justice can only come from severing the hold it has on us.

That sucks. It sucks that I can't control how things turn out for both of us because I would really, really prefer for us both to have happy endings. Those happy endings do exist but we both have to travel our way back to them. It is possible. We are both capable of being able to face our denial and become real if we dig deep enough within ourselves to discover why we behaved the way we have. But there will never be enough incentive to face that denial though unless we remove it's power in our lives. 

I've kicked myself so many times wondering "Why did I come back for more of this?" but now I know. I know why I had to come back and do this same painful process over and over again. It just wasn't enough. I wanted it to be enough but it just wasn't. I still didn't see. But now I do see and I understand why all of this had to happen up until now. I have learned what was so important that I continued this.

I have learned that I will never be able to recieve anything in this world that I don't first give to myself and everything after that is secondary.


---

What better way to disguise your lack of emotional inteligence than to tell yourself that you are more sophisticated and evolved than other people who are actually in tune with their emotional guidance system?

If a person really was more sophisticated than the average emotional human being, wouldn't they conduct themselves in a wise and intelligent way? Wouldn't they have something to show for it? I don't think impatience and 

 They see their lack fo sensitivity as a lack of irrationality when in reality, thier cold heart separates them from the rest of life. To justify this predicament, one can easily jbelieve that they are special because when you are closed off to wider and more authentic range of human emotions, egoically centered feelings are the most powerful. Feelings of pride and specialness are a poor substitute to real love for yourself and others.

I'm sure it's too painful to be able to look at yourself and see what a monster you have become from your past just I know how impossible it was to come to terms with the pathetic excuse for a human being I was. No sentient being wants to place the ultimate judgement of badness on themselves. And this creates the avoidance, the denial, and the continuation of the pain.

To judge yourself is not the answer. We only judge what we do not understand. It's the egos vendetta against the imagined danger of judgement which keeps our true selves from telling us the truth. It is an out of control defense mechanism. We don't allow ourselves to be honest with ourselves because at a point in the beginning of our lives, the danger of being judged was real. The verdict would determine whether or not we were worthy of what should've been our birthright. Safety and love.

Our caretakers failed us and all of our resulting behavior stems from the desperate need not to fail ourselves. But by becoming untrusting, skeptical, and loveless people, we essentially ARE failing ourselves. It's only when we can understand what really happened in our upbringing that we can forgive both our parents and ourselves. When we forgive ourselves, we allow ourselves to feel our pain and know how deeply we were wronged. We realize that even though we thought we had to be strong to overcome the lives we came from, true strength is not in power or control. It's in honesty. The honesty to look at who we really are and face what we have inside of us. Jung said "what we resist will persist" and I think we both have seen the power of this in the way we have lost our true selves. 

There have been moments and time periods of healing in our relationship. Time periods where we began facing our weaknesses and forgiving each other and ourselves. They were always preceded by a period of loss that allowed us to reflect into ourselves and come closer to understanding. With understanding comes forgiveness and forgiveness frees you from the prison of blame and judgement. To blame or hate something outside of ourself is only an optical illusion because that blame and hate is an inescapable part of yourself. You can try to give away to somebody or something outside of you that you think is deserving of it, but the poison still belongs to your heart. With self understanding, the need to judge or blame disappears because it's the antithesis of understanding. 

We have so many terms for the different ways we express evil and love. To judge, hate, and blame is the absence of understanding, love, and forgiveness. Evil is the absence of love. We are evil to each other and ourselves when we aren't guided by love.

I am sorry. I am sorry that I played the part I had in this drama. I'm not sorry that it happened because this what we wanted to create for a very good reason. I'm sorry that we had to hurt ourselves so badly over and over again. But it wasn't without purpose. Just like the way our body gives us pain signals when we need to avoid danger, our emotions give us a deepseated feeling that all is not right in our world and we need to reconsider what the real dangers are. Just as our bodies give us a signals of health and vitality, 

It's only through our poor relationship with our emotional feedback that we could have allowed our lives to become what they are. Yet, our emotional guidance has brought us to the exact place we need to be in order to repair and reconnect with ourselves. This is the infinitely wise force that guides us through our lives and shows us our path... the same force which winks at you when you are doing something right.

We are each our own performers in our own personal theater. We will repeat the same story over and over until we learn to understand what our higher selves are trying to tell us. We will be disturbed and lost puppets of people without our higher selves there to guide us.

I will not settle for this any longer. We each have our own equally atrocious role in this madness and I have to decided to reliquish mine. I want to live a life based around truth, love, and all of the beauty and wonder that comes from such authenticity. I have reconnected with my true self and I've seen the truth in what we are doing to each other. 

as long as we stay this way with eachother,

our trust will turn into defense.
our joy will turn into pain.
our security will turn into uncertainty.
our respect will turn into despise.
our ability will turn into disablity.
our creativity will turn into insanity.
our hope will turn into it's absence.
our words will turn into weapons.
our bodies will turn into walls.
our love will turn into hate.

Never underestimate the undying will of the human spirit to return to the light of consciousness and the forgiveness of pain. Because deep down, that is what we truly want to do. That's why we keep playing the same story over and over again. It's life's synchronistic way of giving us exactly what we need to catch on enough to see how to get home..... our true state of being; love and awareness. only we've blinded ourselves to seeing those clues for what they really are with our mind's obstacles. That's why it takes a fucking catastrophe to reconsider our ways of looking at things. We got to where we are by thinking that we could outsmart life.

You have disrespected me countless times. You have blamed me for more than my fair share. You conditioned me to believe that the horrible ways in which you treated me were in fact, what I deserved. You have caused me to feel ashamed and horrible about my life, my needs, my abilities, my individuality, my feelings, and my dreams. You have ignored me when I needed to be heard. You have denied me when I needed your love. 

And I asked you for all of it. I encouraged your abuse and did everything I could to make you believe I deserved it. I am responsible for your behaviors effects on me because I chose to have this experience with you. Any self respecting, self loving, and self aware person would never tolerate that kind of treatment. 

I'm changing your channel. Even though my channel was comfortable and familiar, I could no longer deny the suspicion I had that there was a whole real world outside of my TV screen. I had to find out and when I found my way back here, I gathered the courage to step into this new world with both of my feet and move forward. Now that I can see the limitations and senseless reasoning behind my old way of being, I refuse to go back there. Isn't it crazy how remaining a shitty person is comfortable? It looks crazy from here.

I will not be fooled into believing that you share this perspective with me until your actions and your life reflect it. I used to trust you to bring me closer to truth but you aren't immune to corruption. Your magical connection and understanding has been polluted by negativity and while you still profess the respectable ideals and truths you used to know, you no longer live by them. Your higher self's gifts to the world have become your egoic self's gifts to himself. 





and what your behavior has said is true. I am not worthy of your love, respect, or understanding. I am worthy of real love, real respect, and genuine understanding.



It is better to have loved and lost then to never have loved at all.