what's buggin ya, girly? you haven't been talking to me. you've been turning away and muttering to yourself under your breath the things that you can't hold in and you don't even want to hear yourself say them. you don't know what to do, what to think, or how to see things around you because your first inclination at the dawning of yourself is resisting. 





I love him deeply but I'm not in a position to share it with him. 

I need to find out what is true for myself.

I've been practicing Eckart Tolle's "Power of Now" and have brought more peace to my momentary existence with acceptance but my relationship is very hard to incorporate into this when we are interacting with eachother. All of our communication seems to take place with the silent acknowledgement of my instability. I speak from shame and he speaks from distant 

as if for the most part he isn't really there to reach out to me. He believes that my problems are extremely simple and I should be able to overcome them through awareness. when I am struggling, he avoids me because he feels that I am just not myself.

 I've been unable to gather any help from him because of the differences in our personalities.

I feel very guilty for my emotional problems and I feel as though the relationship is my responsibility. Since the beginning of it, I had put my partner on a pedestal because of his talents.

Based on some of his viewpoints and history, Steve's idea of polarization would call him a darkworker, while modern psychiatry might classify him as a psychopath. 

I have no intention to blame my partner for this fact, but every time we commense our relationship and live together, I become extremely isolated and depressed. I cut off my old life back home and have a sense of losing myself and going insane. 

From my hurt and righteous perspective, I may be a difficult perosn but my partner can come off as being very emotionally unavailable and impatient with my tendencies. We've gone months living together just walking on eggshells around eachother because of my unresolved issues.

I feel like I am taking all of the blame and none of the responsibility.


here's where I stop being a lurker and admit that I am interested in personal development so that I can grasp at the truth behind my insane behavior.



How can I understand what is reality while staying in an extremely relationship? 
when I step back from this neverending cycle of distortion, confusion, and denial to honestly try and question all my layers of self concealment, I'm thrust into a state of conflict and ambivalence. I am skeptical of every possible perspective that enters my mind and when one happens to captivate me - that is, to make me believe it - I can get invested and run with it feeling very sure of myself and relieved to have to come to a conclusion only to have it evaporate back up into self inflicted uncertainty when the mind state passes. I feel like I'm in a constant state of fooling myself and I fear that when I come to these brief periods of "conclusion and certainty that I should leave", that I am inventing them to fill my need to justify my circumstances and feelings.

I think deep down that I know what I want, but I feel like I can't trust my feelings or thoughts any more. I'm also growing suspicious that I can't trust my partner based on the sheer fact that we've experienced so much of this madness together that he still wants me to be with him. counter point: when I don't feel this way and when I'm not living with him, everything just seems to click between us and we share wonderful understanding and cooperation. from where I'm standing right now, I want to say we'll be infatuated with eachother and can easily believe that absolutely nothing could go wrong. counter point: he insists on having me around and living with him in hopes of being able to coexist and create with my true self which is a formidable force when tapped. somehow, after living with him and being around him, (which tends to entail isolation because I cut off my old life as if I'm ashamed of what I am doing to myself)

I can't seem to escape this drama when I am with him. Our relationship began when I was much younger and neurotic, and he was my rescue fantasy - only to have it all crash down. Intermingled with all of these red flags is a genuine connection between us unlike any I've experienced with other people. But at the same time, I don't have very much experience with other people. I've run away from pretty much all the relationships in my life beginning with my family when I was in my early teens. Their parenting and my rebelious nature ended up in a disfunctional and controlling relationship and I aquired the beliefs of being a black sheep and a problem that still haunt me to this day.

The only time I started accepting all encompassing responsibility for my life was when I left him and moved back home last year because I couldn't handle our relationship any more. I had disintegrated as a person after having mental breakdown after mental breakdown. I had denied all responsibility for my wellbeing because I felt that I didn't deserve to not create problems for myself. I denied myself completely, and because of that, my partner did as well. my depression, conflict, and inertia finally reached terminal velocity and there was no other choice but to leave. This had happened before but because I did not have any support to encourage positive change, returning to the relationship with false ideals always appeared to be the best option.

once I got bored and frustrated to the point of action, I leaped... and the universe caught me. I infiltrated an amazing social group of people. I started learning more about who I could be and what sort of life I could create for myself. I became empowered and as I learned and grew, my partner seemed to as well. He took responsibilty for much of his behavior and in our awakened states, our differences were no longer opposites in conflict, but opposing reflections of the same thing in a mirror. two sides of the same coin. I can honestly say that I think during that period, our communication was healthy and soulful. until around the point where he convinced me to visit him in attempts to convince me not to leave him behind in my life. it was then that our relationship picked up where it had left off and the downward slope commensed. we agreed on a plan to get me to move back to live with him, getting me a car in the process. I was in extreme conflict the entire time anticipating the event as a part of myself did not agree with this happening, but I felt sucked back into it anyway. I started feeling isolated and confined again and this was attributed to my personal problems which needed to be overcome. 





I feel obligated to stay in this relationship


understanding that comes into my mind? This skepticism is both a neurotic symptom of and a defense against my endless abstract justifications for the way that things are within me and my relationships.



Is it possible to leave an extremely unhealthy relationship with love?

when both partners are somewhat at fault.

I have a relationship in my life which looks completely different depending on whether or not I live with him.







I love him on a deep spiritual level when we connect in deep ways.

I have neglected my body and mind to the point where my health, my will, and my sanity is dissolving.

I am normally not capable of love to any degree. To others or myself.

I feel like I can't trust myself or commit to changing while in the position of being in a relationship. There is nobody inside of me to have a relationship with these days.

I feel that this relationship is a distraction and trying to make a life for myself here while I have no life inside of me is futile.

I need support, healing, and structure.

Is it possible to develop a healthy relationship with yourself while in a dysfunctional relationship with another?

I'm really torn right now. I feel like the world is on my shoudlers and I am to blame for this mess.












