

I had a normal childhood until I was 12 when my parents decided to move to the United States from Canada, uprooting my entire life structure and friends, leaving it all behind. Once in the states, I was enrolled in a giant public school which basically swallowed me after I had been accustomed to going to small private christian community schools my entire childhood before that. I had a lot of trouble making friends, and at home my family life was in constant upheaval. My dad, the responsible parent had to be out of town 90% of the time to do buisness in order to pay the bills which left my neurotic bipolar mother in charge. In the midst of a life crisis, she wasn't exactly capable of being a good parent and just focused on looking like one to outside eyes. I was unable to make friends in this new overwhelming and impersonal environment and the difficulties I had in school along with my peers set off alarm bells to my parents who believed that if they left me in school, I would sucumb to the negative influences that were prevalent in a city school.

I don't tell many people about what happened next because for a lot of years, I blamed myself and other than that, it sounds so unbelievable that it has no place in a normal conversation. 

My parents took me out of school where I was failing miserably and decided that they would wing it at homeschooling me. But with how busy and preoccupied they were with their own matters, my education was neglected and they even left in my own hands by their direction. I guess it's not surprising to say that I utterly failed at the task. I was left to my own devices and I was too depressed to function beyond acting out my unhappiness.

At the time, any kind of exchange from real people, (who became real friends), was all that mattered to me. Friends I made on the internet were the only real connection to the outside world that I had. My parents kept me under lock and key all the time and having just moved to the state of Florida from distant Canada, and only having been in school for a very brief period before being withdrawn, I had no real life friends to call, see, or understand me where I lived.

Utterly miserable, these online friends of mine were lifelines. However, my parents didn't see it the same way. My parents viewed this developement in the most negative light possible. My father put it clearly, explaining that, "why would I let these strangers come into my daughter's life through the back door?". Thus, the raging battle that made me feel more isolated and depressed than I could even comprehend at the time. They took almost any internet access away. I would sneak online in the most clever ways imagineable. I rarely suceeded but having this freedom became very important to me and it was one of the battles with my parents that drove us even further apart. I can't blame them for not wanting their young daughter to talk to strangers online... but at the same time, these people who followed my story and empathized were all I had.

My lifestyle was incredibly stagnant so rather than be monotanous about all of the nothing I did inbetween the friction I had with my parents, I can recall certain events that painted a picture of what was really going on.

My uncle from my father's side came to live with us from Canada for about a year because he was struggling to get a real job in Canada. His absurd reason was something along the lines of "I don't want to get a job that isn't exactly to my preferences" even though his family back home was on welfare. His quest to find a job down in Florida was totally futile, and in his free time at our home, he found one that he liked...  being the bad cop in my household. He is a network security expert and he went to such incredible efforts to violate my privacy without my parents resistence. He would use his knowledge to hack into my computer, and throw in sly comments such as "I was surprised to find some porn on your computer!" out of nowhere and on another occasion he took a chatlog of mine with an online friend that he had logged without my knowledge on one of the household computers and played out the conversation on an computer voice audio reader so I would have my lack of privacy rubbed into my face as I walked by. I felt helpless.

On another occasion, my parents confiscated a journal I had accidently left in their room on the floor. I returned to retrieve it as soon as I remembered and my mother insistently denied it ever being there, obviously lying and wanting me to just go away. I was not going to let go of it. It's one thing to read my personal thoughts in my diary, and another to not give it back. Both are horrible injustices to a 14 year old girl. The next day came, and I was still reeling, and demanding that for my rights as a human being, they give it back. A huge argument commensed, the fury from me, and the apathetic misunderstanding from my dad resulted in me storming out of my house. I had no where to go, but that didn't matter. I walked down my street in an attempt to cool the fire within me. I looked behind and my dad was following me. When he caught up with me, apologies were not what he had in store. "What you wrote in your journal was very wrong, Galina. But we'll forgive you." I wasn't having any of it. I disregarded his judgements and told him the only way for there to ever be any resemblence of peace again, he must return it. He denied, saying that he didn't want such trash in his house. He made an offer that he would give it back on the condition that I would destroy it. Eventually, my unrelenting nature made them finally give up and just give it back to me to appease the conviction I refused to let go of.

At this point, I should clarify that all that was contained within this journal was my preteen crushes and infatuations - talk of boys and kissing. Sex was absent although I may have expressed curiosity about it. The other half of the content was my desperate thoughts over how horrible I felt my life was with as depressed and suicidal I was.

A pivotal point in my desperation came when my family and I had gone away on vacation for a couple of weeks. Upon returning, I went into my room to discover that my uncle had taken the liberty to "clean" it for me. It was a bit untidy before I left, not organically messy though. Upon inspection, (and already being enraged that he felt he had the right to do such a thing in the first place), I realised that many of my personal things such as whatever few letters I had from old friends, poems I had written, and all things along those lines had been obviously rummaged through and inspected. I can't remember a time when I have ever been so desperately angry and frustrated besides this night. I brought it up to my parents and they brushed it off. They didn't seem to care very much and highly underestimated my feelings on the matter. Or rather, saw them invalid. I couldn't believe that or take it and I threw a fit. I just wanted somebody to understand the horrible and constant violation of my person. I was brushed off and ignored.

The next day would be a seemingly normal one to my parents, but after a year of this life and the prospect of no change.. (what could I do?) my young mind just completely gave up. I couldn't take it anymore. I was in agony. I didn't feel like a person anymore. All I had were my horrible feelings and I felt like I just couldn't take it any longer. I sat with my pet chinchilla for a long time, knowing that I would miss him if I could. I hoped that someone somehow would take good care of him when I wouldn't be there to. I made myself a last meal and it was possibly the worst pizza I've ever eaten. I ate my heart out none the less. And then I went into my mom's bathroom and took her bottle of tylenol. I counted out 30 or 35 of them and washed them down with orange juice and then sat in my room. I started to feel.. uncomfortable. Something was very wrong with me and I was compelled to go downstairs to get a drink of water. I was scared but not as scared of the idea of going on. In the kitchen, which is besides my dad's office I suddenly felt painfully sick. I ran into the bathroom downstairs and started puking up what looked like pill powder and chunks. I puked for a long time and my dad must've heard me because next thing I know, I'm done and he's opened the door to see just what is going on. In my panicked state, I ran upstairs without flushing the toilet and locked myself in the bathroom upstairs, leaving the evidence of my actions. My room had long since had the door handle with the lock removed because I dared to use it sometimes. I felt pretty sick for a while, but it was clear that the vomiting had purged my system of any deadly dose. I cried and cried, and finally came out of the room and passed out in exhaustion from the whole ordeal. I felt pretty bad physically the next day and stayed in bed. My dad brought me a bowl of icecream and made a distasteful joke about me ODing on chocolate. I was thirteen at the time.

It wasn't mentioned at all until a few days later when I went to go help my dad shop for groceries. In the car, he started talking to me saying, "there's nothing wrong with you. This happens to some people. It's called depression. It's kind of like getting a mental flu. Some people are just physically prone to it and it will go away." I never stopped being surprised.

I think these examples sum up the whole dynamic and attitude that my parents had with me. These are just the events that stick out in my mind. My life consisted of doing next to nothing but staying at home all day with my family and my parents worked at home. My privacy was nonexistent and I wasn't allowed to go back to school. I was told that I was bad in many ways and it was communicated all the time. 

If I called an online friend with a phone card, (so they wouldn't be charged), to talk to someone who understood, they would pick up the phone and listen. My life with them was pretty much as maximum-security-prison-like as parents could pull off. I don't even think these examples can show how this made me feel. I hated my life and this went on for over 3 years. In 9th grade, I had the chance to go to a charter school. I was in a sorry state at the time, and due to my lack of developed social skills, I couldn't make any worthwhile friends. I didn't know how to be normal. So I started skipping school every day and just going to the library. I became a truant officially and my parents pulled me out of school again. It was bad living at home again, but the time kind of just passed until..

When I was 15, I finally managed to make a friend that introduced me to a a small group of people that would become my support network to get space from my parents. The time it took for us to get really aquainted was a while, considering that my parents wouldn't let me just go hang out with a boy - as harmless as he was. But he understood me and really brightened up my life; just knowing someone. Around when I turned 16, I had run away for a week or two to go visit someone I met online in California - someone close that I had known for years. Visit, because my parents were happily on the trail to track me down and the last thing I would want was to bring their wrath onto someone I cared about. But in returning, the rebellious action had made some leeway in what I could and couldn't do. It was getting to the point where they had given up on me, too busy with their own things like work and bills. I got a job which was the first step in aquiring freedom from them. I started going out with new friends without thier permission. It just didn't matter to me at the time. I no longer listened to them as long as I could get away with it. They gave up on me. They'd try here and there but they had lost me.

At this point, I wasn't in school. The whole ordeal or my youth just kinda screwed that up so I just worked and played to keep myself busy, never allowing myself to stay still. Unfortunately, and I think this is true to this day - the extreme misery and hopelessness of my past followed me to today even though it was over. This led me to be completely irresponsible and depressed aquiring many bad drug habits and escapist tendencies. (For the record I'm off drugs today.)

Even now, as so much has changed in my life, it shows itself as a lacking sense of self worth and responsibility. It's turned into a chronic kind of helplessness that pollutes my ideas of optimism and hope.

I needed to write all of this, because for the years after I escaped their treatment, I could never look back on this time period. Almost as if I was living my life in an escapist "NEVER LOOK BACK!" kind of fashion. This really affected me because I couldn't deal with any of the issues I had. I'veI suffered from horrible depression and anxiety. It was a constant battle to distract myself until finally, with events in my life, I'm realising that if I want to live, I have to be whole and accept all parts of myself to treat them in a healthy way... but how?