I feel so unwelcome here. No matter where I sit in this house, it doesn't feel like my own and I'm always on guard as if something bad is about to happen. 

I feel so guilty for the mess that this has become. 

If you loved me, why would you let me be this way?

I feel like I'm never heard. My self esteem is smaller than a grain of rice. I don't feel safe in communicating even simple things honestly, like the ways that I feel. I'm always stifled and everything that I say of importance is something that needs to be revised. I am always guilty for the selfishness of my own unhappiness. There's a looming feeling between us that says it is not okay to be unhappy. If I am suffering, it is because I've done something wrong in my head to bring about the result of my pain..

But what if my suffering is realistic and sensible? I've led a very painful life that has caused me to behave in self destructive ways creating more and more pain perpetually. This cycle is a tragedy and it's no wonder that I feel the way that I do. I am grieving the loss of my self and the losses that I've accumulated while going through life in this manner. It's very painful to accept that my life has been the way that it has. Painful but necessary.

As long as I approach my life in a way that does not honor my pain so that I can accept it and heal, I will only be finding more clever ways to fool myself and delay the inevitable. I'm not hopeless but I am broken. Because I am broken, as I go through life pretending that I'm not, everything that I intend and try to bring about will be incomplete and lacking; a reflection of myself.

I cannot love as long as I do not love myself. I have experienced divine states of transcendence so much that I can say that I know what love is, but my third dimensional self is not capable of producing it on a realistic basis. It does not even believe that it exists most of the time. In order to be able love, you must be able to feel your true self, the origin of love. When I am in my usual state and I find myself incapable of being loving or loved, I frantically compensate to find other ways I can give instead. So I give everything I have to empower the people that I care about most under the emotional logic that their needs are more important than my own and in fulfilling theirs, my needs may become worthy. What ends up happening is a complete failure to do good for myself or others and in the process, I render myself unloveable. When this force is in effect, there is nobody present inside of me to either love or be loved. I become an empty shell devoid of trust and awareness of what's happening. In my panic, I reach out for intimacy or any kind of soul spoken assurance that I am okay but all the responses I get feel hollow. I shouldn't need to do be reassured of the fact that I am okay or that I am loveable. On that note, why don't I just stop? Cut the bullshit and get on with my life. Simple answer: I don't know how to. "Let me try to tell you." I can't trust or understand what you tell me. Have you ever done for yourself what you are telling me to do?

It is tragic to say this, but you don't even know who I am. How could you? I haven't even known who I am. You know my potential and you've seen glimpses of what I could be. But you don't know how to be with me because you cannot trust me to be my potential. So instead, you begin to trust in the image of my personality and the ways in which I work. You understand my patterns and devise tactics to appropriately handle and respond. But none of that is who I truly am and while you know this deep down, you're expectations of me to be the way that I am help enable me into my patterns. 

You try to keep your heart out of this painful matter because in your eyes, it isn't real compared to what we could be. You feel that it's your job to keep your cool orelse everything will fall apart. But I see how unhappy you are in your frustration. It's the most apparent in your impatience. in some very apparent ways, you've given up, although you may deny this to yourself. You no longer channel your resources and your soul in your dealings with me, because that is all that they have become. The routine. The handling. The tolerance. What is your plan? Are you going to wait around forever, knowing inside that nothing is really going to change? Is that because this mutual madness is better than being alone as long as you're the victim of it? You could say you tried and did your best and that may be enough to justify giving up on yourself. I know a part of you has wanted to for years. Just like a part of myself wants to believe all of the things my pain implies. And I understand why you are so resistent to accepting and helping me heal my heart if you are in denial of your very own. It's a rare sight for me to see you not distort, redress, and repress your negative feelings. You don't share them with me if it's avoidable and when you do, it's too late for us to work through them constructively; transforming the pain into joy. and why bother in the first place if the focus isn't even on you? your feelings aren't even really important in the ways we interact with eachother. my feelings are the problem afterall.

We have been so emotionally dishonest with one another for so long, that the sanctuary of our relationship doesn't provide the safety and warmth that's necessary for us to be intimately real with one another. Our conversations are carefully crafted so as to not set off any of the chain reactions we've come to know. We are acceptable with one another sometimes, but others not. If its not you, then it is me. Our love has turned toxic. And as it becomes diseased, we tell ourselves that we are standing up for what is right. that its through this pain that we will find our salvation. I project my denial of self onto you where you readily assume the role I've created for you to exacerbate how I feel. And while under the spell, I feel like it is you that makes me feel that way even though these feelings are already inside of me.

Condtiioned by all of my past insanity to expect more, you are afraid to take me seriously. I have a million buttons that almost all do the same thing and that is to turn me into the prison keeper for the person that you've loved. Unless you're not truly human, it's inevitable that you are filled with negative and prolonged feelings of being wronged by this act of sabotage wielded against you. Since you have not been honest with me for whatever reason, (such as keeping your cool, being the sane one, etc), I can only hope that you haven't been lying to yourself as well. And even if you've been honest about the negativity that comes from the way our relationship is, a permanent role can become you. and that is what I'm afraid is happening...... again. why is this tiem around any different? sure, we've been changing our acts but it's the same old shit.

You stress that you don't look at me in a fucked up way even after everything we've been through. But I don't believe that. I believe that you are intellectually against holding anything against me because of my struggle and that by allowing me to be the way that I am, you are performing an act of love. but no matter what method you use to suppress your emotional feedback from this fucked up scenario, it was never meant to be a longterm solution. Your fire is dying and you are becoming cold. We are enabling one another to further be disabled and our relation to eachother is becoming more and more riddled with reactions and defensiveness. It's so painful to admit that this is actually happening......... 

We are both sacrificing our energy in a futile effort to make this work. We are both being martyrs for our individual causes in our own ways. And like martyrs, if we continue, we will both be burned alive at the stake. There have been good days and many "epiphanies" along the way, but also a growing resignaton to the roles that we play with eachother. We are no longer equals working together. We are opponents battling our different perspectives against one another and we're competing for different things. I desperately strive to win the priveledge of having my experience and my self validated to be real. I think that you fight to proove that your perspective is more important or relevant than the things that I hold dear.

This is out of our hands for as long as we neglect mutually acknowledging what is really happening between us. It is ugly.

I think you feel safe from your big picture pedestal. There is safety in being able to understand things. When you're a brain surgeon and your role is to understand the intricate system of the organ you're about to operate on, you can suspend the feelings and the anxiety that what you're about to do could potentially result in death and tragedy for al of the details (people) involved. It's a necessary position to be able to put yourself into if your job is to be efficient and strategic. But no matter how skilled or talented one may be at putting themself into that zone, the unattended and unrespected realm of emotions lives on in a part of yourself that if left unattended, will distort and disturb the sacred balance of your being. 

You are like the king of a desert who rules an entire kingdom, yet it's devoid of the lushness of life.

I am reaching a point of critical mass where I can no longer deny the intensity of what is happening. I can no longer dull my senses and fool myself into a routine to continue this dysfunctional dance with you again and again. I'm not entirely sure where to go from where I am but I know that something colossal needs to change. I want to stop playing pretend with you. I want to stop masking my dis-ease and my regrets just so that we may avoid one more uselss and painful conflict. I need you to take me seriously. At the same time, I need you to stop trying to fix me, and not just because you have given up. I am sorry that I have ever asked you to do such a thing. You can't validate, complete, or repair my life any more than I could do these things for yours. It has been wrong for us to have ever expected that of each other. I am doing my best to be brave because a lot of courage is required to accept what is really going on inside of me. I refuse to go on coping instead of living. If revisiting, listening to, and working through all of my past, my pain, and my twisted perception of my self is what is required of me, then I gratefully accept that as my task. I am tired of denying what is and the disasters that result from the denial. I am ready to start picking up the pieces because I know that I deserve a life and self that fits together.

And I guess what I'm really waiting for is where you stand in regards to all of this.
