I need help.

I need to help myself.

Why have I been turning myself away from that fact? I've treated thoughts that have been reminding me to take care of myself as if they were a nuissance. As if they were something I don't want to be doing. But what do I want to be doing? And am I doing it? No. I'm in a state where I can't follow through and just do what I want. There are so many triggers and buttons that persistently keep me in a reactive state. I've been wanting to write for over a day now but I never got myself to do it. It was as if there was something more important on my agenda. Like doing nothing... like neglecting myself. I missed you and I begged you to open up a wordpad so I could dictate my thoughts to you. This is one of the only ways you'll be able to hear me in times like these. You must stay strong. We are guiding you. There is so much more beyond the horizon that you can't see because of the stormy clouds. You don't have to do this alone. We are here for you and we want you to go and find others who can help you find your voice. We are you. I am you. I wish you love which is to wish you yourself. You are not the fragile and weak thing that you keep telling yourself you are. You don't need to be so defensive. All you need to do is to stop doubting yourself.

You know the way to go and all that you need to do. You can recognize the calm flow of your path even when life is crashing in around you. So powerful... so beautiful. You know this is true. It isn't ego or self flattery. You contain the magnificence of life within you because you and life are one. Nothing can stop life from unfolding and evolving, just as nothing will ultimately stop you. Without perspective, the road seems so ominous but as you take each step down that dark path, your immediate surrounds will be basked in your glow. With every step you take, you are revealed the next one. You don't need to know the whole way or the directions if you can trust in your ability to walk consciously. There are things you can do to help yourself. You can keep tabs on what you've learned and what is important. You can use the peaceful forum of a wordpad file to communicate with both yourself and with us. You don't have to be so afraid of what's going to come out, because it will never be more than you can handle. And when you can start painting the pictures that you see in your mind's eye, you can start to figure out what that vague image truly represents. You are afraid that you will fall into the trap of judgement. That you will be sidetracked back into the dizzying game of trying to figure out who's fault it is that everything is wrong. We want to help you overcome your belief in black and white, all or nothing thinking. The world is made up of such a vibrant spectrum. There are different messages in all of the different ways of looking at things. Those fixed ways of looking at things can help you understand what you need to do next but they are not the entire picture. Those perspectives are TOOLS but they are not your life. We wish so strongly for you to open your eyes to see the light of your life and the authenticity of life happening all around you. It's real and it's not going anywhere.

The other night when you were over at Tom's house with Mike and Gie, you had an interesting experience. You felt your way around that THING... the one that holds you back. Life around you was SO real and you realized that all that time, you had been the one that was fake. It wasn't your relationships, your luck, or circumstances. It was yourself. Your FALSE self. That hungry and hurt thing inside of you that insists on having it's way. Only it doesn't know what it really wants or what way is best for it. It feels and acts like an unhappy child, vengeful of life and contemptuous of a fabricated authority that denies it's worth. The feeling cannot exist without relationship, by itself. It can only be felt when something outside of oneself is blamed. It can only live on in Duality. The world is holding me back. An evil GOD is holding me back. The twisted memory of my parents rejection is holding me back. 

Without these things to blame and feel victimized by, <b>there are no perpetrators</b>. There is no <i>conflict</i>. There is only misguided pain turning in against itself. In reality, there is no other or thing outside of yourself that is causing you to feel this way. There is just a strong and painful memory of a feeling you cannot shake of being judged and rejected. You felt like your being wasn't valid or worthy of life or love no matter what you could possibly do. And what can do if you really accidently believe that? If you are unable to step outside of that perspective. The answer is... that there is nothing you can do. Your life, your self, and everything you do is inherently flawed and as long as you remain at this point, the only justifiable response is to avoid or numb the pain. And codependence is born.

If you percieve that there is nothing inside of yourself to resolve the conflict, there is only one other place to look: the world. And so begins the quest of seeking salvation through whatever expereinces are available to you. Ordinary people and things are easily dismissable just like an ordinary life or an ordinary day. In those things, you don't find what you were looking for. It's the exciting and intense experiences that are the most alluring because of their epic quality. Through people, ideals, and drugs, you are able to temporarily transcend the disorder within you. You can become something else, something new in those moments that fill you with a sense of promise and hope. But to your frustration, it never lasts. When it is gone, you are too panicked to ask why, and become busy asking for more. And an addiction is born. There is no sense in it, it's a driving force that doesn't question itself.

Long enough into the cycle of seeking and addiction, it's not hard to forget that you begun a quest in the first place. There was a time when you didn't deny what you were faced with in life. You reacted honestly, with hurt and with a sense of justice. But when the world of justice that you believed in crumbled away, all that was left was a horrible predicament of believing that you are just not compatable with that world. There is something deeply wrong with you. It's a hopeless predicament, but your human spirit refuses to give up in redeeming itself. It insists that it will find the thing that will make it whole and good, learn the spell that will make one become worthy.

Madness. Such madness. It's only been able to get away with existing because it lurks in the shadows of the mind while blinding and sedating the true self that would be able to see it. The person wants to forget about the disease because it is their shameful secret. Long ago, when the person was faced with the initial dilemma, there appeared to be no solution and no salvation. Long ago, a decision was made under the belief that these false feelings and ideas were true. The decision was to try and salvage whatever was left and redeemable within the bad and broken person. And the only sensible way at the time was by the denial and rejection of the shameful part of the self. I became divided and began the civil war inside of my being that would continue for years. 

The layers of denial are outstanding because if the motive was to dissaociate myself from this issue, then I would also have to be in subsequent denial of all of it's effects. And because the effects on my personality and being were so ALL PERVASIVE, the denial escalated out of control to deny the majority of myself. It was like an infection in my body that I treated with turniquets. As the infection spread, I would cut off more and more of myself in attempts to stop the spread and eventually, I had disabled my entire self. This is what is happening when my true self goes to sleep. I no longer know who I am, what I'm doing, what I want, or anything personal and intimate about myself. All I am left with is a frantic mind that is in denial of it's own violence, fixated on the urge to distract myself from realization.

What's fucked up is how the motivation underlying this insanity is with good intention. I want to save myself from realizing that I am hopeless and inherantly defective. But the act of defending myself against something so preposterous is an admission to believing that it's true. I don't need to defend my true self from outlandish accusations. Nothing real can be challenged. My soul in it's pure essence is invincible and unchallengeable. 



-----

Why do I always feel like my thoughts and my individuality is tainted or stolen when I share it with Mike? Perhaps it's because I take what's sacred to me and auction it off in his arena, to be judged for it's worth. Even if I'm approved, a price has still been put on that which was priceless. Can't I be shared without being judged?

So I can conclude that I feel judged when I share myself with him. It's a fact that I FEEL this way and it makes me uncomfortable. 



DIg deeper.

There is always deeper.

You must dig down into and through YOURSELF

to reach the fresh air, the clear expanse of what is REAL in this WORLD

beyond what is inside of yourself.

There is a real world out there. An OBJECTIVE world where everything truly is okay. It's waiting for you.



Let's go slow. I want to help you. I want you to know that you deserve to be helped. This is all very, very hard for you, I know. It's even harder when you don't know what is right or wrong in your relationship and you can't trust it to deliver your needs. That is very painful. You are very overwhelmed right now. But we only need to take this one step at a time. The first step has to be breaking the current pattern and getting help.

In order to heal, you need perspective and a safe space to come to your own understanding of what it happening. As long as you feel like you don't have that, it's hard to let yourself come out from your withdrawn shell.

That's why going to get somebody you can talk to will be such a good thing. You can even prepare an overview of what you feel you need help with and work these things out in a safe environment where nothing is threatened. 




