I want to go for a walk tomorrow when I wake up. I want to inspire my blood to pump through my body, bringing me health and wellbeing. I deserve that gift to myself.

There are some thoughts I feel inside of me that are important to let out and document. I don't want to lose them. My guides are sending me important messages.

There are many, many ways I can take better care of myself. My body is the simplest and most straightforward place to start.

I want to be better to myself and it's only understandable that not ever having been good to myself, I don't know where to start. I used to blame myself for not knowing how to automatically do things for myself. Or I felt like if I cared enough or deserved them, they would just automatically start happening. But that isn't the kind of world I live in. The kind of world I live in is one that wants me to be able to become as strong and capable as my potential promises that I can be. 

So I have gathered my intentions. Steadily and honestly, I realize that I love and deserve to love myself. And now I must take the steps to show that to myself and make it a reality. Responsibility is not the curse you have lived with. Responsibility is the gift that God has given me if I choose to accept it. And I do. I accept the gift to be the best I can be. 

The rush. In considering all of this, a part of myself cringes in fear of the idea of "responsibility". There's a feeling of self created pressure and anxiety over being able to actually do this. Sometimes when I believe what that negative feeling tells me, I feel like I'm not cut out for this life at all. I want a way out and I want it fast, because all of this is all too much. There's a perfectionist inside of me.  But that perfectionism is not me and it's resistance disguised. I cannot be perfect. I can only be imperfectly human. And that part of myself that stops me in my tracks with perfectionistic expectations is in denial of my imperfect yet authetic self. Be at peace. Perfect does not exist. IT is a false ideal invented to justify being unhappy with the way things are. And you realize this and you no longer want to be unhappy but all of unhappiness' things and functions still linger in your home, your head. So you realize that your task for yourself is to remove all of this unwanted waste from your home in order to clean it and make it beautiful by filling it (yourself) with the things which bring you joy.

So about the rush... sometimes it feels like a manic and other times it feels like a panic. Understand what triggers it. Observe it happening without fear of it hurting you because you are just observing the mechanisms that USED to be able to bring you down. But now things are changing. As you stop the processes in their tracks, there will still be symptoms of your body's response to the memories of those habits. But they will pass because they are a passing thing. Soon, when the lesson is learned as thoroughly as can be, there won't be any more symptoms. That will be your reward. Your life as you wish it.



One specific thing you wanted me to note:

Taking care of your body is a wonderful way to share wellbeing with yourself. There are a lot of products and things you neglect to get or do for yourself because you feel like you can't afford it for how little you deserve it. But that old thinking must go out the window in my new life.



(((((    Tom wrote:It isn't easy to get rid of other people's voices when they have become part of your internal dialogue, especially when they seem so much more certain than you feel about what you believe. The trouble with having doubts like this is that you can't win by arguing with them. Just getting caught up in the argument is to lose it. )))))

WONDERFUL!

I haven't come over this kind of wisdom in a long time.It's so true and simple, and despite knowing it the reminder is all important as without experiencing this conflict you can never appreciate the teaching. Words cannot describe how happy I am to read something like this here, it's truly inspiring. This kind of reflection is so important for self cultivation and I'm so happy that it's been expressed in this context. What perfect timing.

Blessings.


Time for sleep and meditation. Don't forget your walk tomorrow!