I've been to the end of time. To such a place or rather, mode of existence that displays time as a peurile and simple thing like a playground for the children of the unvierse to play within. 

I've been to realms of existence that shine light upon every crack and crevice of my being with the gentle glow of loving understanding. 

The memory of the experience is so well understood by myself at this point thanks to my veteran status. Unforunately, I hadn't thought it about the implications of this existential knowing upon my day to day life as my journey of experimentation went on. This amazing understanding just jumped out from behind a bush and startled me. 

There must be a change for me to live the way I must and I have to start trusting and using my super human powers. I can't call them anything else because this would be the world's best example of knowledge equaling power. What could be more empowering than something which could make your life finally and truly your own?

how can you be unhappy when you know that in the end it's all just.. life. not to say I should be completely stoic as I go down my path but even in the bitterest of times, I would hold a hollow emptiness deep within me to echo the waves of emotion until they fall away into nothing. a place untouched by my circumstantial experiences and the preoccupying busy work of living.




 extensively enough 

There isn't even a perfect word to describe being one with the universe. I throw around love because it's the most profound natural experience that human beings are capable of experiencing and understanding.




are we okay? are we okay? arrrreeee we.. okay?

double check that everything is intact
only to find thats its never been
(not surprised not surprised)

maybe one day when this tragedy completes
you'll realise that the only one you'll never defeat
(is yourself. yourself.. yourself.. yourself.)

you stare at the letters til they turn into symbols til you
realize your life is the same and youve never lived

hahaha.. the humanity

nothingness envelopes me as I drive ninety.. five.. a hundred.
cigarettes whisper sweet nothings upon my senses

a tired child in the back of my mind yawns and cries

are we home
are we home
are we home

will we ever be home
will we
ever be
okay




I exhale smokey clouds of preoccupation
I take in this moment of epic resolution
some ancient energy within me sighs and says
maybe tomorrow

living our lives, looking over our shoulder
its all a drag, join me in some amazing act of imagination
where we paint our lives blissfully meaningful
a mirror microcosm to reflect the worlds beauty
onto our innocent souls


you say you need to change
you say youre ready to live
but I don't think you're ready to give
what it's gonna take, what it's gonna break
for you to be whole, for this to be over

change changeo
whata it gonna take
if I am to live life
I am to change
whats it gonna take










my worst nightmare manifests itself
just so it can laugh of the possibility of of its own existence
look at your life,your little corner or the world.
you must have shit luck, becausae look now,
youre fucked.

I can''t believe the depths and divisions i find in my own being
a constant civil war of just whos in charge
but all I seem to be priveledged to decide
is on or off
is on or off
is on or off

The best way to explain my feelings and thoughts would be to write a chronological essay about them. I probably don't need to bother going through the works talking about what I was going living through there since you've already heard so much about it. What's key and why its important that I left, is that I need to be self sufficient when it comes to being and dealing with myself and in leaving, I was proving to myself that the world wouldn't end if you weren't in my life. 

Before I left, and a decent amount of time since I have, (when I choose to be aware of it), I've been mourning the end of our relationship as it used to be because it could never be the same again. This isn't end of the world news, if you understand me properly; so take care interpreting that. You change, I change, the world changes. Etc.

I lost faith in everything, and was in a state of total despair once I realized that you had self defensively decided not to give a fuck before I last left. The week or two before I left, I could hardly keep my composure and it didn't help when I intuitively realized that you were happily distracting yourself talking to some new chick on your forum. I feel dirty admitting this, but in the end I don't really give a fuck. I figured everything with us was probably completely hopeless so I read an AIM log of yours while you were sleeping. Things you said in it almost completely dissolved any true faith I had left in us after everything that's happened. 

I felt replaceable. What bothered me even more is whatever dynamic you had talking with this girl, it reminded me of how we used to waste time chatting. I told myself that there is no way I belong there with you any longer and as tragic as everything would be, I would be free soon to regain my dignity.

Anyway, I'm probably a huge asshole for doing that. I imagine you're going to be pissed to have your privacy violated like that but at the time, it felt desperate and justified for some kind of momentary closure. I recount this whole event so significantly, because it's something I know that you might as well hear about and even though I've justified this event from your shoes countless times in an effort to make myself feel better, it's still some shit that has overshadowed any purity of my feelings and our exchanges.

Anyway, now that that's out there, I need to redefine what a relationship means to me. I need to truly not be codependent because as long as I'm in a relationship for reasons of insecure feelings rather than sensibility and what's best for me, that is codependency. <i>Neither of us are going anywhere.</i> I need to know that the world isn't going to fall aprt if we're not together. I (need to) believe in myself and my decisions. I need a clean slate. This isn't telling you to get the fuck out of my life.. but in any negative and unnecessarily complicated ways in my head, it is.

I'm not dogmatic about what needs to be done now between us now, all I know is what needs to be done with me.. and I have faith that as long as honesty and good will persists between us, what will happen, is what should happen.










It was against himself
that, innocent and noble as he was, he directed during
his whole life the whole wealth of his fancy, the whole
of his thought; and in so far as he let loose upon himself
every barbed criticism, every anger and hate he
could command, he was, in spite of all, a real Christian
and a real martyr. As for otlers and the world
around him he never ceased in his heroic and earnest
endeavor to love them, to be just to them, to do them
no harm, for the love of his neighbor wzls as deeply in
him as th€ hatred of himself, and so his whole life
was an example that love of one,s neighbor is not possible
without love of oneself, and tlat self-hate is
really the same ttring as sheer egoism, and in the long
run breeds the sarne cruel isolation and despair.



the world is round?




I think negative energy from my relationship with him makes me wanna smoke cigarettes. Little acts of self destruction.