think what it means to truly live in the present



own your darkness.
it's your only friend.

your shadow


my heart stops still but the world still spins
and I'm worried about losing everything
but chill, baby, chill, baby
nothing is yours


my thoughts race against the nothingness that follows


I haven't been thinking about it.. subconsciously (or unadmittantly) on purpose. why has an underlying part of me just come to a conclusion that my waking mind rejects? because thats life obviously, and a part of me seems to know better. there's no need to think in black and white ultimatums... but it's clearly evident that purposefully not thinking about it all is only going to strengthen the feelings that I sometimes feel are working against me. 

a lot has seemed to change in the way I view mike. primarily... I can finally look at him like he's human. an equal. and in this, I see his flaws and I see his merit.. it's undeniable that the transition isn't disturbing however. nonetheless, it's liberating in ways - I no longer feel like I need him for some ethereal quality I would never find in myself or in another human being.



I'm an empty vessel transporting the joke of an ego
that is capable of inventing both good and evil

I come apart

I'm coming apart at the seams
and at first glance, it's madness
wrapped up in a package of sadness

I'm a seemingly inactive volcano amidst what would seem to be absolute tranquility or paradise. But under this illusion, forces of nature fight amongst themselves to culminate into the fusion of my chaotic emotions... about to explode. about to fucking destroy everything.

I'm every memory of everything I've ever been
too bad the past and the future don't actually exist

I'm the entire universe percieved in a timeless moment

my ego unravels and I become both one and zero

if I die I could disappear, but I'm eternity in this moment. and time doesn't exist.



hollow emptiness deep within me to echo the waves of emotion until they fall away into nothing.
rewrite^ 

echos through my void
probability waves of emotion
rise and fall
rise and fall
in my empty soul
rise and fall
rise and fall
away into zero


a void untouched by the outside world




living our lives, looking over our shoulder
its all a drag, join me in an act of imagination
where we paint our lives blissfull, meaningful
a mirror microcosm to reflect the worlds beauty
onto our innocent souls

how am I to find answers
when the question is myself

senseless percieved chaos, mistakes that haunt.. it's hard to realize this is what makes you grow


"Sometimes I feel like my life is a rigged game, and the determining cards are seen only by the hands of the bluffing god betting away my reality."


little girl not ready for the world that
eats you alive and tells you youre good that way

playing the roles because thats your place
and the life that you wish for eternally waits 

like a skeleton in your closet


I don't feel like writing because I feel like I know everything already and there's nothing to sort out. But if that's the case, what's the fucking problem? why are there still things I'm disatisfied with? Because I'm drunk on the job I was born and trained to do. I know all the procedures.. I know I need to pass that test to get to where I'd like to be. for some reason I just flunk out and skip school, smoking weed in the bathroom when I have all the answers to the exam I absolutely have to be taking right that second scribbled on my cerebral cortex. and I flunk, I flunk, like it's what I'm compelled to do.

like it's was I was raised to do.. be the brightest star, the unwavering dual of hope and misery, the beautiful downfall.


I don't put too much thought into it
I just live for what's beautiful

its the human condition to be divided.

the light of our souls reflected through a prism; a rainbow of both good and evil.

I laugh madness and the innocence in me flees.

spiralling out of control
down into my double helix soul




know better.. know everything.  sounds delusional, doesn't it? constantly connected to the higher way and dividing myself for the sake of my daily life.

what am I ignoring??