I can't imagine who I would be right now without having met Mitch and being introduced into his world. He created the community in which I found my first real home. He created a home where I felt like I was family. and he witnessed and provoked some slow but deep changes in the way I see the world. And he forgave me for my shortcomings as a person and never tired to assist me in any way I would accept help.

Before I found the euphoria project family in south florida, I led a very broken life because of the soul warping experiences I had while growing up. I was a forgotten black sheep that didn't know her place in the world. I meandered through life constantly looking for something to free me from the feeling that all was not right in my universe. I sought out peak experiences, drugs, highs, "love", enlightenment, and relationships that were always unhealthy because of my drive to distract, face, avoid, realize, and destroy myself simultaneously. 

When I was 17, I entered a mind bending relationship that both destroyed and created me through my discoveries and realizations. I can't even count the ways in which it has been disturbed because I have so little experience with what healthy relationships actually look like. I sacrificed the responsibility for my life to live in illusions and suffering. After almost two years of a bad relationship and living away from florida, I finally couldn't take it any more so I left and went back to living with my parents in south florida. I had so little perspective about what was really possible for my life. Deep down, I had a feeling that happiness was just never meant for a person like me. Believing this, I was so vulnerable to slipping back into whatever I could use to numb myself. Even if that meant going back to the relationship I had escaped from.

But something miraculous happened. I started hanging out with Robert Paul, who I met at an EP party some time before. I didn't know very much about his affiliation with Euphoria Project but everything I knew about what EP stood for and the kind of people that become involved with it, made me curious to meet the crew and see the house of slack. It wasn't long before I ended up stopping by to hang out on those old couches, taking in the splendor that was Mitch's creative expression all over the house. I was excited and comfortable meeting everybody I came across there and started becoming a regular. The kinds of conversations that would take place in that living room filled me with intense curiosity and passion for life. I didn't think I would ever really meet people like this and once I did, my perspective expanded, propelled by my enthusiasm. The few months I spent there during August, September, and October felt like a wonderful lucid dream. I attended my first burn at Alchemy in Georgia and felt even more freedom and possibility for the celebration that life could be. I was happy to share anything with Mitch. Our thoughts, ideas, books, and our company. His house was a refuge for me after all of the chaos my life had been up until that point. And what he gave me was invaluable. He clearly saw who I was in my essence and he accepted and encouraged me as a person despite the scars from my past that were still with me. I flourished and thrived for the first time in my life.

Regrettably, even though I was healing and doing wonderfully, I was still gullible and naive about the things I had been through in my life that made me behave and feel the ways that I did.. I ignorantly let the parasitic person I had left behind back into my life and my head inch by inch, feeling as if I was in control. And in the beginning I was... but slowly but surely, I began losing touch with myself and playing out my old role of silly putty. After I foolishly visited my ex and then returned to south florida, I carried out my established plan to move into the house of slack and enjoy my life but I was already unwittingly caught back in the web of my old pain and the parasites that fed on it.... at that point, my life was beginning to feel like a bad dream again. My ex convinced me to move back in with him with empty promises and I believed him enough to turn my back on both my new family and myself... I shut down and withdrew from Mitch and everybody else without even an explanation of why. I couldn't even admit it to myself..... and now with his passing, the reality of what's happened has woken me up to see the Truth of things. At first I was so stricken with regret but it's evolved into an understanding of my self and my past times at the House of Slack and how I can empower myself through that.

I've since lost the innocence of naivette and I've realized that the world can be a cold and dangerous place. That's why it's so important to be able to warm yourself from the inside out, and when you find genuine and real people who only want to empower you, you hold them dear. I selfishly wish that I could get more Mitch out of life but everything his spirit has to offer is encoded in his legacy. He helped bring people together and in my case, back to myself. 

He had a beautiful mind and I was honored to communicate with it.. I learned a lot from him. His philosophical essay alone ( http://bellsouthpwp.net/M/i/MitchWaas/unifying_theories.htm ) sent me into a +4 experience for those who know what I'm talking about. So many of his ideas struck a chord in me. His perspective elaborated on the breadcrumbs I had been following in my own personal search for truth and here was this person on a similar path for much, much longer, offering me what they had learned.

There will never be another Mitch Waas. He was a unique soul and I'm awed by his bravery to be the person that he was. Even when he failed, he tried again. Even when odds were slim, he persisted to be what he was and do what he did just for the sake of acting on what he believed in. It doesn't matter that he could never unite South Florida or that his goals were left unresolved. He took the steps to unite himself with his vision and realize his dreams. He was far from perfect or his own ideal yet he did so much to realize his potential and to make the make best impact he could on the world around him despite his obstacles. He was a prototype of a rare sort of human being. His life was an experiment in ways; the results of which we can learn from.

Mitch planted a seed in my heart. I wish my life didn't need to take me away from his last months oon earth but it was a lesson I needed to learn. I can feel the parts of me that were inspired by his impact come alive. And all I wish I could change about this would be the chance to say "thank you." I can't even imagine what I would be like if he hadn't entered my life. I don't even want to consider it. The world that he cocreated inspired me to see that there is a more authentic way I can live my life. I will honor his existence by following through on my own potential for joy, truth, healing, love, creation, awareness, and growth. The path is real. I'm deeply saddened by the loss of Mitch's physical body but I'm also simultaneously rejoicing that his divine self has returned home....

Thank you to anyone who took the time to read this.

Peace Love Unity Respect, 

Galina