priorities. I'd like to start with stating my priorities because in the end, that's the direction and it's everything that's important. the priority is to be true, to be pure. to pursue what is the good life; good for the soul. simply put: what makes one happy.

my mind is always churning a million miles an hour, stopping at every exit along the road. so why is it that I stare at a blank piece of paper (or screen in this case), and feel utterly lost for words? why is it that I feel like I have all the answers but no way to articulate them or organize them when I need to?

I have such difficulty seperating thoughts from feelings and the result is that I feel horribly muddled and preoccupied with no clear end in sight. what's the cure for this? is the problem merely one of organization and handling of thoughts and feelings? I suppose "merely" isn't the correct way to start putting that because if true, (which I believe it is), the implications are grand.

It's really clear I need to start occupying myself in ways that I can chennel my energy so it's not left within me to accumulate unhealthily. 




I just want somebody to understand.

I've decided to post this here on this forum because I could never tell anybody in person about my innermost secret.

I was born and raised a christian but all my life up until now I've had so much trouble actually believing in the scripture and the sermons. It just never made sense to me, and I could never really feel it in my heart. My parents were immensely disappointed and I would try to believe but I couldn't resist the temptations of not believing. Until recently...

It all started about 7 months ago when a friend of mine came over to my house and showed me what turned out to be my savior. He opened a bible and from the middle of the pages, he took out a little white baggy and he told me that this is what god wanted for me. Of course I scoffed and asked him just what he was playing at, blaspheming the so called holy book and I laughed in his face. It turned out to be crack cocaine in the little bag and because my faith and my life were dwindling for years I agreed to smoke it.

I just couldn't expect what happened next. As I took my first hit, (which was mind bogglingly large), my entire body went numb and I felt my soul fluttering. My friend Joseph who had brought everything over opened the bible and started reading me Psalm 23. I felt the utmost union with God as I had this experience and we ended up spending the rest of the night reading the scripture and experiencing the power of god accessible through this holy pipe.

We believed we were God's truest followers, privy to his outmost attention and the experience of what it meant to be one with God during our private sermons. We continued our sermons twice a week in his basement. It has been our little secret.

However, lately my friend Joseph has been taking a different turn down another road and our ritualistic sermons have lost their holy air. He no longer wishes to read from the bible unless the passages are concerned with Lucifer. He has started stealing my things and tried depriving me of our holy sacrament, (the crystal). I'm concerned that God has stopped speaking to him the way that he still speaks to me.

I know many would frown upon our way of worship, but I beg you not to judge. Just tell me. How can I help my friend? I feel he's turning away from God, and not just to nothingness, but to Satan.

He is preoccupied with stealing things and his soul is turning to darkness. I feel that our method of inviting God into our hearts may have backfired and with his impureness, he invited Satan instead.

I want to help him but nobody can know our secret.