I haven't been doing jack shit. I wonder, am I one day going to just putter out and become wearily reminiscent and bitter? I can never allow myself to sit out on life. Life demands I dance, as ordersome as that may be.. if I deny it, I would face the fate of living in it's scornful gaze. I live for life, it and I are one. Lovers caught in the throws and blows of passion, twirling eternally; a constant relationship that transforms one anothers soul. Life and I spend sweet and quiet evenings together beneath the stars where we contemplate the meaning of eachother. Love is the bond that glues us together, despite our differences and misgivings. We love eachother not by choice, but by fate. together we made this inner world possible, the realm where my spirit and imagination play upon the brilliantly lit fields of experience. This place is my tribute, my refuge. My temple. Life, the universe, and I... in the end we are all the same. And all is love. For what other conceivable purpose could there be to life?

.My body, my mind.. it dosn't belong to me. I belong to the world. And I will honor that.


Sometimes my enthusiasm cracks me up. 8:30am, no signs of sleep. Fuck, I think. My fucking schedule. My philosophy of the moment seemed to be akin to "drastic times call for drastic measures." If two tylenol PM's weren't enough, the wine alone was. Here I am, a ticking timebomb waiting to tick more slowly. I've almost started forgetting about drugs in general. The drive is still there but the last thing I need is to give in to my escapism while the battle is at it's peak


I'm starting to feel pretty fucking mindless. Zombie. 


I never really realised it but

I'm desperate to find my own meaning in others.. as though to validate it. Please, someone else express what I'm feeling.. so I know I'm not... crazy. 



<333333333333333




I think my efforts could be best channeled if I took the time to take an organized approach to everything - both my mental and worldly goals.

These are to include: health/fitness, job/car, emotional/intellectual.

ok cool. now fuck being on the computer right now.



does this make me happy? Like I'm winning? Fuck all of it! don't give into all the laziness and the obsessions.




I think deep down.. I have anxiety about the percieved differences in our values and ways of conducting ourselves. 

as you've stated before.. whenever you're kind or charitable, it's to serve your own selfish/solopsistic agenda.

I can't help but wonder why you would violate your rule system for me and I wonder how you really see me in your life. If I'm just another person, couldn't your amorality or indifference apply to me as well in the end?

I'd be happily impressed if you could have this conversation with me without feeling disappointed or annoyed at my perspective.. 


