could my shadow be the broody and introspective part of myself that I deny because I think it's not the face I think the world expects of me? there's a part of myself that just flat out disagrees with prolonged periods of solitude, as if I'm scared of what will happen in them or simply because I don't want to deal with myself. in the end I only truly want what's best for myself - but there are deeper layers than that which are conditioned and deep ways of being that rally against that greater good and it's expressed in my shadow of self neglect. 

to overcome anything, it needs to be understood. know thy enemy, yada yada. I've established that my conscious goal and conclusion is to do only what is right and pure. to progress and to flourish. so what unchecked part of my functioning fights against this? regardless of my good intentions, without constant and vigilant effort to override my default programming, my mind is compelled to fall back into a habitual routine of self destruction, hopelessness, and helplessness.

there's a very weak and insecure part of myself that's sadly been battered over the years to feel incompetant. after a childhood and adolescence of a false impression, (that which being whatever I do will fail and there is no hope), I've been contaminated with hopelessness which leads to helplessness. if there is no hope in sight > what can I possibly do? nothing.

the situation has dwindled to a point where I couldn't even claim self responsibility, which would foster dignity and the will to change. if I can't control my environment, than how am I to blame myself in the proper way to get off and my ass do something differently? I can't blame myself for the hand of cards I originally started out with and there's no use whatsoever in pining over the past and spilled milk. because the beautiful thing is... it's all perfectly understandable. knowledge is pure and even though you can feel it in your heart - it's not polluted or created by the epic seasons of emotion. when you can rise above the powerful inclinations to do one thing or another or feel this way or that - and in the end, karmatically do nothing - the knowledge will just flow. it will present itself as though it's been waiting patiently in line behind all those years that you disregarded it. things are how they are, but with the normal flow of human experience, each element, fact, or event will take on a flavor unknown to the original truth and transform it into a personal image seperate from the actual object. in the end, what you believe to be your entire life, will really just be a photo album of all the pure things you've experienced that you've edited and cropped to serve your selfish ego.

noucannot1



























I can't help but observe from my life up until now that it's daftly apparent that something is happening to me. I have reached a climax of the tidal wave of my persona which has been roaring over the ocean, gaining mass and vigor, right before it smashes upon the shore to arrange the land into the person I will become. 

with this understanding comes the concellation that I will reach land, and one of these days, I will no longer be churning about in the chaos of the ocean of developement.




one thing that disturbed me in When Nietzsche Wept, was the similarity I found between myself and Breuer. When he realized the cause of all his disatisfaction, he bounded upon the opportunity to free himself from the contraints of his life - his duty. But when claiming his freedom, he immediately sought sources... sources to hand it away. He was frightened by freedom, in a way I can relate to. Why this fear?


I avoid really thinking about the kind of person I want to be because I have a feeling that it will be wholey incompatible with my relationship with mike. this issue is particularly strong when it comes to ethics. I'm shy to be strong in my ways to the point where it feels like I not only falter in our interactions, but within myself, betraying what I really feel important.

this applies to my sense of fun and wonder and humor as well. all of it feels incompatable with him. and so all of it is supressed into my shadow which lives a richer life in my dreams than "I" do in my day to day life.

the key here is to continue moving forward. pittsburgh honestly seems quite a ways away... but what about once mike and I have a car? I can get out of the house at my leisure. spend as much quality time with myself as I wish and explore bookstores, or go window shopping. and fortunately, maybe even meet people. more power to me.

integrity and perseverance are key here. in the end, I'm not sure of the fact that mike and I are completely incompatable. all I know for sure is that in this situation, we definitely aren't working for me. however, with distance, our relationship has always blossomed because I live my own life and enjoy falling back to him. whereas in this scenario, we share the same empty plate of nothing and grumble at our hunger. so I don't have to stand by and wait my time sitting upon some horrible revelation that none of this will ever work - no, I won't. I've done it before with less perspective but in this case, it's a personal optimism for the future, whatever it may bring. all doors are open.


june 25th-

I wish I could remember my dreams better but the theme of them is the only echo that remains. and it's powerful enough... they're about me becoming powerful.


on the defense of my mind against myself

in the beginning of my intellectual development, I criticized my intelligence in it's organicness. to be pure of it all and superior would mean to compute everything as the ones and zeros that is without the equation of the human soul. I was instilled with a sense that the human perspective was a faulty one biased by it's position and the only way to supercede it would be to detach and disown it's worthlessness. my failure to do so was of the utmost frustration and my values, not logically catching up to appreciate the entire picture of my reasoning, remained the same for quite some while. the intellectual ideal I held for myself was always out of reach and I was failing. 

as time has progressed I've come to appreciate how wrong my past ideals and assumptions were. raw intelligence can only really be applied in relation to your experience and when one goes past it, a true understanding of the human condition, for it to be known, is no longer possible. only an intellectual and cold model remains. it is life observed, not lived. 