I wasn't ready to deal with all the damage after it subsided, so when I finally managed to gain some independence, I threw myself into a depressive fury of constant unsatisfying distraction.

I was robbed of my all important capabilities to really stand up for myself since in the past it had never accomplished anything.

all of this is easily write-off-able at this point in my life, but when I was younger, my default emotional orientation made me vulnerable to their all encompassing criticism. I was unable to face it because of all the emotional turmoil that came with it and I brushed it off to the side.



From 12-16, I was practically enough a prisoner of my parents. I was not allowed out to make any friends. I was removed from school and kept at home, where my academic studies were a joke. Constant power games raged with my parents. They'd take away my internet and my computer; my only connection to the outside world. Sometimes if I had pushed their buttons a wrong way, they would even take off my door to humiliate me. Interactions with them were always cold and my mom acted like she hated me. None of my privacy was respected.. to the point of my parents even stealing my journal, reading the contents, refusing to give it back, and in the end, punishing me for the contents. epic examples of events aren't even necessary, because what really killed me in the end was just the day to day shuffle where in my moments of hope, I'd count down the days until I was older and convince myself that my life was worthwhile if I held through. it became all I knew.

when things even got the point where I decided to kill myself, (more than once), it was momentarily acknowledge, I was assured it was a bad idea, and then it was brushed off to the side as if it never happened while nothing ever changed.

the theme that pervaded through all of this was the denial that I was a person in my own right. I was told I wasn't to be trusted, that I was bad, and I was never delt with diplomatically or amicably.

as I grew older, the complete and utter failure that was my relationship with my parents dwindled in importance to me because there was only so much I could do and it was a relationship dead end. I turned my back on them and said "fuck it" the first moment I had the chance. around when I was 16 by sheer luck, I had managed to meet some people I could relate to and talk to in the area. so thus started my social phase of inebriated escapism.

it's sad to say, but I didn't think very much of myself considering that for so many years past, I had spent all my time falling apart inside every day with no change - instead of growing and maturing as a person gaining life experience in their adolesence. with all the possibilites of a life I could make for myself on the table, rather than responsibly seizing the opportunity to make the best of it all for my agenda and my future, my tormented teenager self chose to just drown it all away in the constant superficiality of distracting experiences. drugs were my friend and it didn't help that all my friends were all in the same boat as I, except for less legitimate reasons. bottomdwellers.

the way my incarceration affected me socially became startling apparent right after I managed to start breaking away and I found myself in my only other signifcant relationship with another person. when I had met him, I liked him well enough considering that at this point, I had hardly sculpted high standards for myself or my circumstances. he listened to whatever I had to say, agreed with it and consoled me. he gave me enormous amounts of affection that in the end, was never enough or legitimate as it came from his immense need to not be alone. our relationship progressed and for the most part, in the beginning I was content with it. but as it escalated, I found myself in a situation I despised. I was put on a pedestal and it made me sick.

saddistically though, as I felt all this and rebelled against this dude's clinginess, (I was at no point to just self righteously cut him off), my thoughtless behavior was governed by the idea that I'm wrong for feeling any other way than what was expected or desired from me. I felt immensely guilty for these feelings, historically succumbing to the will of another person. I pressured myself to do things differently than what I truly wanted to do since I had never built a wall of self respect and understanding. time and events dragged on as painfully and erratically as I existed. I was never content but there were times when I would forget that. after a certain point however, my focus started shifting. no longer was this guy such an important thing in my life to me as he was in the beginning. 

initially and throughout all the convinced period of our relationship, even though I was never satisfied, I had a need for someone close in my life that couldn't be satisfied anywhere else. as it decayed, my guilt and depression escalated to a kind of capricious state that wobbled between apathy and desperation.
so, I cut him off. I had tried a handful of times before and if he wasn't such a worthless person, my life at the time would've been easier, but it was something to learn from. I wish I had taken more cues from it at the time.





because of the miscalibrated state of my sense of self, I never had the chance to develope a healthy way of handling myself, my life, or my relationships with other people. this exemplified itself many times in the next handful of years, and as things progressed in this manner, I only felt more incapacitated to do something about it. being so in the midst of this pattern, hopelessness prevailed and it's only recently have I been able to really detach from myself to understand it all. 




