Thank you for all of the amazing responses so far. It's clarifying just to be heard and have these thoughts and feelings on an examiner's table instead of just choaticly sloshing around the inside of my head. 

what do I love about him? that's a very relevant question. I love his mind and his certainty. I'm attracted to his effectiveness of understanding life, myself, and the world around us. At his best, he lights up the darkness of confusion with the light of his clarity in comprehending what is really going on. When we are on a level with another, we're an amazing team fueled by enthusiasm and acceptance. We've cultivated vast dreams for our lives together cherish the honor of acting them out together.

Sadly, the ways I feel about him overall and the reasons for us being together have been polluted by negativity. Our relationship started when I was 17 and the main attraction I had to him was his invincible ego (which was the size of the moon) and how I felt he validated me. I came from a broken home, with years of childhood scars and emotional baggage which led me into a perpetual downward spiral of distracting myself from my pain. I did a lot of drugs and went a lot of nowhere. I wasn't ready to even try and open the pandora's box that was my soul from my turbulent past and the life I was leading allowed me to ignore that and just experience the building symptoms of being repressed. Then, when I met him... everything seemed to be changed. Deep down, I align myself to be a deeply possitive person - but my improper execution of my positivity has led me to sugarcoat my problems and only temporarily turn them around rather than deal with the ugly feelings that are deeply rooted inside of me.

We fell in love deeply and foolishly. I looked to him as my rescuer to take me away from my horrible life and unhappiness and this illusion was encouraged by our long and wonderful honeymoon period. I was in over my head and a part of myself knew this but it didn't really matter. That is... until we took the next big step and I moved cross country to be with him.

I understood what I was doing in that I considered the situation and made a bet that is was the best decision I had for myself but once the act was in motion, I realized what a fish out of the water I was. I moved to a town where I knew nobody, had nothing, no car, no resources, to be in an apartment with the man I was in love with to find that I lost all touch with what I was doing. I was scared and very unsure of myself and all my childhood uncertaintities came up to bite me in the ass. I had a mental breakdown.

While this was happening, my boyfriend did not know how to respond. He had fallen in love with what seemed to be a self assured although somewhat immature eccentric girl who he believed he could depend on. I know that my reaction to the move made him feel really uncertain and with both of our ambivalence, our relationship entered extremely dark territory. I began to doubt everything, but first and foremost, myself. He did not know what to do and our lifestyles offered no support or structure whatsoever for things to just pan out and calm down. We share a job working online so this left us just hanging out all day. 

We got to know eachother a lot better through how much we had hurt eachother in the process of reconnecting and trying to heal but it still haunts me because it represents all the difficulties I've had in my life. Somehow, through the twisted logic of life, our relationship had turned into an emotional mirror of the relationship I had with my parents. I feel like I'm replaying the emotional scenario of my childhood onto the film screen of our relationship. And before I can even really appraise our relationship and his role to me correctly, I need to see it clearly; free of all of my emotional baggage. 

My main problem with the relationship has been our emotional incompatability when it comes to my emotional past. He believes I give it too much credit and should have a way to circumvent the issues that I have and is not the kind of person that is capable of helping me heal. When I'm upset, while he cares, he lacks the skills or the will to comfort me in a genuine emotional way. He will sit with me and listen only to interject the logical method of overcoming what is plauging me with impatience to the convictions I have in my feelings. Our interactions leave me feeling that I've done something wrong for feeling the ways that I have and his methods feel cold and leave me feel distrusting. 






My rabbit hole is so deep.

He is a habitual intellectualizer - all emotional situations tend to just look like mathematical equations and 

As for the advice of taking this as experience and submersing myself in it fully and passionately - that's good advice because I tend to pathologically look at my life situations as grand ultimatums and epic possible catastrophes when in reality, I know that if I trust in life to show me what to do and where I need to go in due time, everything will happen and flow as it's supposed to.

All my problems seems to just be inside of my head and I manifest them visibly through our interactions.


I'm sorry to offhandedly just... yknow.. throw my whole life story into a thread but all of these issues seem to have so much in common that I can't look it at it properly without it all in perspective.