stop tricking yourself.

you don't even want to be helped. everything you say is just excuses. you are a very capable individual capable of helping yourself and others.

why don't you want to be helped?

why do you want to stay this way?

before you can go anywhere you must understand these motivations.


in a foreign desert where hardly anyone spoke english... walking with my family and happy to find water at a vendor.
on a mission to walk through a catacomb like tunnel into the middle of the earth. a spiritual journey to meet a master of our world. a female monk/priestess who's spiritual journey incarnated itself in a journey into the depths of the earth.

we never met her.

teleport into a barnes and noble with rite aid black panel cameras all over the ceiling. I'm looking for a book. a book to tell me why I am so confused, like the lingering memory of those young kids who were convinced they were born into the wrong bodies.

I find large colorful volumes wrapped in cloth, unlike any of the others and put them into a sequential order somewhat hidden with all of the other books and think "if only it was that easy" to stumble upon them. these volumes were inseperable from the story of the hidden priestess in the depths of the earth. 

I wander around the bookstore looking for the published truth and contemplate stealing it if I do find it. time is running out, my family is probably here and I only have some moments more to wander.

timelapse... I'm laying down on a bench in the middle of the bookstore with a blanket over me. I'm masturbating myself to orgasm with my vibrator. I stop when I realize there are people around me.

my mother and maybe my brother are outside. we're leaving, the time has run out. I tried texting my brother only to see a long line of text that I had certainly not written. I dismiss the conversation because it doesnt make sense to me and tell him I didn't write what was sent.

I wake up and think about my bad habit of spiritual laziness.... the laziness that keeps me from changing and understand that only once I overcome that can I find the truth.



