relax. it'll pass.

the uncontrollable rush of everything. intensified exponentially.



You know why you're upset? Because you care. Because you're depending on him. You're trusting him with you're precious heart. Look what he does with it.
Does he honor it? Cherish it? Does he.. love it? Or does he just need it? Need it to feel safe and secure. He's could be just like you but worse.

Questions say plenty even without answers.

Fuckin... UGH. He gave her his phone number. And right after the event he asks me if I called him twice while he was sleeping. There's a chance it could be that kid but he dismissed him and told him he was going to sleep. So how likely is it that it was her? She wants him.. bad. I hope I made him feel bad tonight. I pretty much threw the whole situation is his face and showed him how it's done right. But does it even affect him? He has absolutely no moral backbone.

He dosn't know that I know something is up. I distrust him completely because of his amorality and just how I've seen it firsthand.. apply to me on issues that matter. Like secretly bonding with another girl to stroke his ego and slander me. I hate not knowing. 

I feel like ripping out my hair. I feel like he's jerking me around because he dosn't think I know what's going on. He's making me feel cheap and replaceable. He's trying to be on his best behavior to win me back into his life while canoodling on the side because he dosn't think it matters. He likes the attention of stupid hopeless girls.

That's what his amorality makes him do though.. whatever he fucking wants. He's sensible to conceal it from me not because he dosn't want to hurt me, but because he dosn't want me to be angry and inconvenience him by not being cool with his ideas of relationship anarchy.

My feelings are making me just continue to cut him slack.. I understand that our relationship has been really weakened and I could understand if this was some short term thing while he needed someone to understand him or stroke his ego to feel better.. but what if he's just having a good time and is inconsiderate of my ideal of honesty and soulful manogamy? 

I really care about him.. but I want to respected and honored as well.

So what is the right action from my perspective? The cautious part of me thinks it best to wait, see, and observe how things play out.. because a girl can tell things. But along that same line.. should I throw good money on top of lost money? This is taking a lot out of me. It's a huge drain on me to be concerned about the overall welfare of our relationship and his dishonesty. Because the dishonesty kills me. And it's key that I read all the signs and situations to do what's best for myself.

And even if it's nothing; how is he to be trusted? The part that loves him in me says that maybe it's just a little phase he's going through to make himself feel better. Or is this his overall way of handling things? That's where the "wait and be cautious" idea comes in.

I just want to be at peace. I just want to know all the important truths. 

I'm scared again.. :(






you can decide to be indecisive, y'know. what's important is priorities. yourself as a priority.. taking care of basic needs. one thing to definitely focus on right now is making new friends, getting a job, and milking your creative energy. hell, theres books to read while you're at it, too.
