When you have two different levels of consciousness in a relationship:

I have a strange dilemma. I made a post before in an emotional flury and then I disregarded replying to the thread because I was so ashamed of my outburst within myself. A lot of the problems I've had in my current relationship are so baffling because at the heart of it all, both my partner and I love eachother. Yet, once we start living with eachother in close quarters, our relationship is inevitably sabotaged by the communication inbetween us.

This problem seems to emerge from me and my own issues. I'm only 19 years old and I had a strange adolescence where I was emotionally abused by my parents which led me to be raised by wolves. I had been doing drugs in an escapist fashion for years in a flury to distract myself from my unhappy suicidal experience with my parents. I wasn't in school after 9th grade and once I got out of my house, I hung out with older people who shared my form of escapism: partying. I was very precocious and I read many books. Older college kids would hang out with me. Students of philosophy and whatnot. Despite the drugs and negativity, I grew a lot with my interests and my passion for knowledge. This led me to have quite a unique personality and question a lot of things as I got older but one thing always escaped me: "what is it that I refuse to face?" I've always felt different from other people. I was a blacksheep in many ways and it almost seems like a syndrome within my perception. 

Now at the end of my partying and breaking the rules at my parents house... I met a boy who I got along very well with. I was 17 at the time and our relationship had begun what is ultimately one of the most important lesson of my life.... but I wobble on what the lesson actually is in the specifics. When I was 18, I left my parents house to move in with this guy, I left my entire seemingly disposable life behind to start a new one happily ever after with the object of my love. Unfortunately, that's not how it went down. My rescuer fantasy collapsed and I had a mental breakdown which lasted for months. I left the guy a handful of times throughout the couple year span to return home because our relationship would get to such catastrophic points.

I carry an incredible amount of emotional baggage with me everywhere I go. Because of the unexpected sabotage I caused this relationship in the beginning and all of the hurt I project onto this guy, I can't let go of our relationship as a SYMBOL for what is wrong with me. And once I believe that, it becomes true. Even when I try to commit to believing in our cause, there is always a serpent in the back of my mind that tells me I will never be able to free myself from myself while with him because the very fact that I'm with him is a manifestation of what I must free myself of.

I don't want to lose and possibly jeapordize somebody I care so deeply about. We've shared so many unique experiences that they only make sense in the context of our relationship. I don't want to be wrong. I don't want to discover that I'm no better off in my quest for true peace and love alone and that I've lost a good thing. But if it's not good and should I be faulted for that? It seems that no matter how hard that I try, I can't help the way I feel and I'm too broken to try any harder. I project my unexpressed feelings about my parents onto my mate and it's so pervasive that I don't even realize I'm doing it. I feel that he's holding me back from healing and being happy and invalidating who I am as a person. Which he thinks is complete and utter lunacy. I can't stop recreating this dynamic. While that sounds disempowering..... it feels like it invades my entire being to the point where I don't know where I end and it begins.

I don't know how to stop while managing not to destroy my relationship. I know I can stop if I leave because I've done it before for a short period of time.  When I go back home, I actually seem to make progress as opposed to the decaying standstill in my relationship. My problem is that my pathology compels me to be extremely paranoid, distrustful, and scared with my partner. He's not exactly the sensitive type. He doesn't know how to deal with this and he doesn't want to. He just wants me - the person I am when I have everything together. 

Now the real roadblock I have in stepping up and doing what I think would be best for myself even if I were wrong is that...

When I feel that my needs are met and he's in good shape overall, our relationship is endless rapport and possitivity. We've shared amazing heights of perspective together with life, truth, awareness... etc. We have the power to motivate eachother to be the best that we can be when it's channeled. There's no question of the authenticity... we can share divine states together.
He's a very intelligent guy, and in many ways, he surpasses me with his understandings of life and eachother. This is great when we're on a level because we assist eachother with our most possitive qualities.

Overall, he's very aware and intelligent in his understandings of the world, him, and myself. But no matter what approach he takes within the spectrum of his behavior, he can't get to me and living together wears him down. It's gotten to the point that he's depressed and has told me that he can't take worrying about me any more. This is causing me a lot of guilt but no amount of effort to change the way I percieve and act is enough to treat the emtoional disorder I have that I'm leaving unaddressed.




I'm still an emotional wreck and I probably will be to some degree until I get the proper help that I need.



 There has always been doubt. 

