
More recently and more entertainingly imo was an experience I had with the research chemical 2ct7. I should probably introduce this story by saying that 2ct7 was an rc that managed to kill quite a few people via the route of insufflation. The scary part is that the doses which managed to kill people were only a tad but larger than what would be a comfortably strong nasal dose. I'm basically writing this entire paragraph to illustrate why I'm such an idiot because those statistics right there are why you should NOT eyeball nasal doses or even do them in the first place since some people may have adverse reactions including death.

But what the hell, I was invincible. (I'm still alive, aren't I?) I had developed a method of eyeballing out what could only be a safe dose and doing it cautiously. I even gave it to my friends and after a crazy night out of partying together we had come back to a house to chill at and decided since we were all still tripping, it would be a good idea to do a little bump each to intensify our experience. No scale. No accurate way to measure the stuff other than bump some out on a plate and chop chop chop it as much as possible to make it look consistent. And that's a fucking necessity when working with this material - it's literally like cotton fluff. I've never encountered a stranger consistency.

Thinking to be safe as possible, we decided to double check erowid for information on nasal doses only to discover all of the compiled information about how people have died doing doses that are only small portion over the hefty dose line. The margin is very disturbing. A 15mg-25mg dose could be your sweet spot whereas 30-35mg can kill a person alone. This information made everybody in the room decide to be very conservative with the material, particularly myself. Everybody did the minuscule doses they had decided on, and since I had decided to be festive, I would do my own booster dose too. 

Here's where everything went horribly wrong. I mentioned that the consistency of this chemical is very unreliable. A tiny spec could be 5 other tiny specs mashed together. You can not properly guess the density of this compound. I knew immediately after it went up my nose that I had made a mistake, because unlike in the past where the chemical takes a few minutes to hit, I felt this dose IMMEDIATELY. And holy fuck, it was too strong considering that it hadn't even fully come on. I tasted it with every last one of my nasal membranes and it felt like it punched me in the face all at once. In the past, it felt like it took considerably longer to dissolve and be absorbed by sensation alone.

I can kinda laugh thinking about what I did next but I can also just ... feel the experience I had from where I'm sitting right now. The entire kitchen I was standing in started fucking melting in a way that T7 has not melted for me before. I must have done way more than I thought I had and I panicked. I went to the kitchen sink just thinking "Evacuate! Evacuate!" pouring tap water into my hands and insufflating it into my face to literally wash out my entire nasal cavity. I felt like I had a limited amount of time where if I didn't somehow alleviate the dose I had taken, I'd be doomed. The entire time this was happening, in the back of my mind the memory of learning about the people who had died on such small nasal doses was echoing and reminding me that regardless of how this experiment turned out, I had made a mistake. I am an idiot.

After 3 minutes or 3 years at the sink I gave up and calmed down figuring that I'm still standing there and breathing, and even though my experience was still menacingly melting and drifting away in a way I didn't trust, I decided to go and join my friends. We sat around having crazy conversations and I mostly shed the silly trip induced paranoia I was carrying around with me. Our conversations drifted over all kinds of fascinating territory about life, choices, consciousness, and [I]what it all means. [/I] I was enjoying myself again and I trusted that everything was okay when something absolutely ridiculous happened....

Our conversation flowed to the experience of salvia and for the amusement of myself and the people I was with I began recounting a very curious trip I had had on it years and years ago that I never fully understood or knew how to place. When I had smoked it years ago, 

This is a summarization I made about this salvia hit from before I had this t7 trip:

[quote=a prior summarization]
now that I think about it, my most amazing hit of it was chilling inside while laying back on a bed and staring at an ugly painting on the wall. visuals were whatever, and I was zoning the fuck out from the effects when all of a sudden I tapped into this sure state of awareness that delivered the epiphany that my human life, body, and mind was but a single compartmentalized fraction of my true existence. like an arm or a leg, and the rest of me existed in ways which I would never truly be allowed to be aware of.

wtf @ salvia.[/QUOTE]

As I recounted this brief and historical experience, the strangest thing happened. I revisited it in my mind and went further down the rabbit hole. The memory became a 3d experience that I could travel back into to explore all over again.

As I remembered the exact sensation of it with my enhanced perception on T7, it literally just started happening. Again. It's very hard to describe this experience just as it is difficult to explain a hit of DMT because it takes place on a completely different plane of reality. I ascended away from the physical realm of time and space and found my consciousness in a new realm of awareness that felt defined by [B]knowing[/B] if anybody catches my drift. My consciousness found itself in this entirely new place and I was greeted by mirror images of my own awareness that had been there all along. It felt like all the points of my life and my awareness had converged at this point in happening to become whole and aware. My body still sat on the couch I was on but for a substantial amount of time, I wasn't in it.

You know that feeling you get when you're very dizzy from standing up and all sound, vision and perception starts to drift far away as you momentarily lose consciousness? This is very much what it felt like except instead of plummeting into unconsciousness, it was an ascension away from human consciousness. My body started convulsing with vibrations, and I felt electricity running through all my limbs. I've never experienced bodily sensations like this before but I want to say it felt like every cell in my body was becoming aware and vibrating with energy. My heart was pounding and beating a million watts per minute and I was becoming very concerned about my health especially with my prior dose scare.

The only way I could cope with the experience was to distract myself and draw away from it because even thinking about it would bring me back to that level of awareness. The door was opened and just by looking at it, I would be sucked through it into an out of control experience. I managed to calm myself down and bring myself out of it... and I was changed and shocked. The only escape from it was distraction and although I regret not going further from where I'm standing now, I don't blame myself for being so concerned about my wellbeing because nothing like this had ever happened to me before.

Like I said before, I glimpsed amazing things that on some level, I don't think my mind was ready for. On that note, there's no real way to be prepared for something like this. One danger I felt present was that if I left my body completely and went as far as I could've gone, I would not have needed to come back. It felt powerful enough that my life's time line could've conveniently extinguished itself because once I had rejoined this universal source of consciousness being, my human existence could've canceled itself out. It felt so powerful that I've actually entertained the thought that I did die that night by completely leaving my body and that time line... and now my consciousness exists in a self fabricated dream reality after life. I don't actually believe this but that's the kind of reality shattering territory this perspective brought to the table.

This experience has haunted me ever since I had it about a month ago. I feel more aware and connected as a result of it and on many levels, I'm still shaken by it. It instilled a sense of extreme mortality and my ego became very concerned about my general health and wellbeing in almost a paranoid fashion. This isn't entirely unjustified in my opinion though, because I have experienced flashbacks to this state and my perception is permanently altered. 

I was very nervous to toy with T7 again after this trip but after a sufficient amount of time, I decided to take a reasonably small oral dose of about 20mg. The trip wasn't very remarkable or strong but one thing to note is that when I drank the liquid that contained it and felt the chemical enter my body, I felt an immediate flashback while ingesting it. It subsided and I didn't exactly panic but I have an undeniably weird relationship with this substance.

About 2 days after doing this small and unremarkable dose however, I had a very adverse reaction and flashback while in the car on a small road trip. I'm kind of an energy drink fiend, and since I was stuck in a car with some people for a couple hours, along the way I decided to pick up a 5 hour energy drink that would keep me talking and entertained for the drive. I drank it on an empty stomach, (which is something I've done many times before), and then participated in smoking a hell of a strong blunt between 3 people, including myself. What happened next was completely physically unwarranted. I started to feel the familiar T7 hyper awareness mind state of my one epic trip. My perception was becoming incredibly intense and I began to leave my physical and time dependent consciousness behind. My entire body began convulsing and my heart rate went through the roof. The entire time, my main motive was to remain calm, but deep down I was very concerned about what was happening to me. My experience was amazingly out there but because of how unexpected it was and my physical symptoms, I just wanted to get through it. 

I couldn't stop shaking for over an hour and when I asked one of the car mates to check my pulse for me, they assured me it was normal. This calmed me down a little bit even though it felt pretty fucked up inside my entire body, and I just focused on riding the experience out. Nothing bad really happened other than I had a difficult experience. It faded away and later the person who had checked my pulse clarified that it actually had felt fucked up - incredibly hard and fast for just sitting in a car trying to meditate.

I've chalked this up to an adverse reaction of THC's ability to raise your heart beat and blood pressure along with the energy drink's own stimulating effects on the cardiovascular system but I can't help but associate it with my 2ct7 experiences because of the likeness in effects and unmistakeable flashbacks. I've done many stimulants while smoking weed and nothing like this had ever happened to me before. 

My brief experimentation and the following flashbacks of T7 consciousness has undeniably altered my reality. I'm still in the process of integrating this enhanced perception and learning how to use the new extra room in my head. This series of events has provoked me to stop doing psychedelic drugs for an indefinite amount of time for the simple fact that I don't need them any more. I have opened doors in my mind that I'm still figuring out how to go through and while this will bring me infinite experience and awareness, for the first time in my life I've felt the possibility of going insane. 

The only insanity that truly lies inside me however is my ego which has been foiling my existence for years now. I speak of madness because my T7 experiences have sent my spiraling down a path of trying to overcome the falsities in my perception to truly be and exist without the shackles that hold most minds prisoners of themselves. 

It's been an epic battle of locating and identifying the parts of myself that fight the way that things are, to assimilate them into my greater awareness. Most normal people don't do these


I've found myself stuck in a permanent trip only to realize that it's been one all along. I've been my own guinea pig for years now and 