I can't do this. I don't have the strength that it would take to make this relationship work.
it is not a question of whether I am willing or not. I can't commit myself to following through with you on this because I can't commit or follow through with anything! I don't know enough of who I really am to decide or apply myself to anything!

you keep telling yourself you don't actually want to leave because you dont want to face the pain it could cause. you don't want to believe that you're guilty. because then you would be bad. you would certainly feel ashamed and horrible.....


does that make sense?


I have an extremely addictive personality. This relationship has been my addiction. Even though I have not taken the time to heal and become at peace with myself, I justified coming back to live with you again and again because I felt like I could not live without you. I can't give you something of mine that I don't even own yet.I created the impossible situation in my head that being with you was the hope for my salvation. But because I've believed that, I've just created another illusion that is the roadblock for me to take responsibility for my own wellbeing.

I've tried to mutate this issue in my mind to tell myself that being with you now is the best thing I can do for myself in order to get better. So much that I had managed to deny how deeply disturbed I am really am about what I am doing with myself. By living with you with you right now, I am putting myself in the most challenging possible situation  It's an impossible scenario. The way I am compelled to react to you is crippling my progress towards a healthy self. It's like placing a meth addict in an Adderall factory and locking all of the doors. Time will break them.

I love you and I've loved you. But I can't stop creating illusions inbetween us that obscure obscure my embodient of myself. It's not about what's going to happen to you if you didn't have me any more or vice versa. 

I need to move out of this house or I am going to breakdown. This relationship has been the enabler of my own self destruction. That's not entirely a bad thing though because it has led me to where I am right now. I can't make you or this relationship a priority until I am able to make a choice like this. If I can't say "no", then how could I really say yes?

Even if in your perspective, this action is unnecessary, you can not make a choice for me. This is my own personal journey and in order to learn how to trust in myself, I have to take the only realistic action required to meet my most important needs.

If I can't get those needs fulfilled while living with you right now, then what's the point? Do you really want a half-assed act hanging around your house stuck in a bubble of inescapable helplessness? Is that really any better than not having me around here at all?

And all this time I've spent reacting to you and --  I've been hopelessly doing differently packaged versions of the same thing that's been keeping me so unhappy. Not much has changed other the terminology and the way we view it. The only real progress of making no progress was building a cardboard staircase to the realization of how much pain this relationship is causing me with the compulsive way I xee it.

It's all black and white to me. There is only one shade of grey and that is the apathy and unconsciousness cushion the other polar ends of my addictive experience here. Sometimes, that incredible high of being at ease with eachother and enjoying ourselves manically happens and it seems that everything is only finally.... just about.... to... be...... okay. not even just okay, but I can stop worrying for the rest of my life because somehow it'll just take care of itself. I really don't want to come at it like I'm descrediting the realness of these states. they're awesome. they're my true self's nature and being. the only problem is that that is how I should be feeling all the time. but what always ends up happening is that while I temporarily detach from my attachments to achieve a state of higher consciousness, it lacks overall perspective. as soon as my broken record of personal and emotional psychology kick back in, the train to hell is back on track because the causes of my disconnection with a healthy state are not mended. I strove on justifying the futility of my struggle because of the hope these states provided me. I would be in such a state of darkness that whatever momentary relief I could find from it was a blessing from heaven. they are powerful and moving emotions. 

but the fact is, I've been torturing myself. look at us, dude. do you really think that as the duo we are now, that we are ready to take on and conquer our lives? satisfying our fear of not having eachother is not going to overcome our fear of taking responsibility for our lives 



I need to go be by myself so I can develop, heal, and grow in ways that will make it possible for me to 
there seems to be many more relationships than just one within the kinship we have. there are the relationships with ourselves and there are our percieved relationships with one another. I have not been able to maintain a genuine relationship with you because I have a distorted and unhealthy relationship with myself. You know the difference between my different intensity of presence. The embracing of the real and being one with it. I've glimpsed this state time and time again but because of the diseased perception within my human's structural framework, I'm closed off to accepting our lives as they as they are because I cannot accept or know myself while I attempt to do this. 

If my objective is to truly know and honor my self and my path, I can't be here right now. Neither of us deserve the struggle that we've had. But at the same time, we do in a sense because it is a gift that allows you to learn more about yourself.

As my psychology has crippled inbetween us, I've developed a hideous means of reacting negatively to you. I do it every single day. It is almost constantly in affect. As I write this, I want you to know I know you do love me to have tolerated the way that I've been. Unfortunately, enduring pain and perseverence is not the answer to this struggle because pain mostly just intensifies and feeds my ego. I have always been this way. I have not changed because I haven't known that I could. The painful drama that I create over our relationship is a manifestation of the diseased and wounded core of myself. I create more pain in an effort to sedate myself but on a deep subconscious level, I think my self is poisoning my life in an effort to get my attention on looking inward, the last place that I've wanted to look, to see that I have neglected and denied myself. I have been my own worst enemy. I have tried to destroy myself because I have not felt that I was okay for as long as I can remember.

It's been impossible to communicate to you the things that I am discovering and learning about myself, because the moment I step in to share my self, my defense mechanisms kick in and I'm incapable of being intimate with you. I am so afraid that you will look at me and criticize or reduce all that it is actually me. I am scared of your invalidation because I feel like it could destroy me. 

When I've managed to break through, I am unaware of what is myself. I am never sure where you end and I begin. Since I haven't defined these things by myself yet, I automatically assume an appropriate self in response to your words, thoughts, opinions, feelings, expectations, and personality.

It's impossible not to do this because in relationship, roles are a void to be filled. if my primary role is not my relationship with myself like it is with you, then how can we be two equals working together with a mutually shared reality?

I don't want it to be this way. I've struggled with this issue for so incredibly long. I've loved you deeply as I've witnessed the phenomenon of your existence. You are so gifted and full of potential. Your abilities can make a real difference in this world. The problem isn't in our relationship, it is the baggage that I bring into it. 







I've hurt and shunned everybody that has ever mattered to me. 






