an issue that's been recurring inside of me has been how to handle the contrasts between being controlled by my disease and the powerful states of peaceful realization of what it all is.

being disconnected from my true self     \       being connected to my higher guidance system and
and feeling compelled to compensate      \      allowing my experience to unfold with love and ease

I'm unsure of how to approach connecting these divided parts of myself. When I'm in the throes of my disorder, everything I think, feel, or do is tainted by my pain. I repeat thoughts I've had in better states to myself but the voice that speaks them is not my friend. It will try to say positive and encouraging things as if it's intentions were pure but behind those words is a state of rejection. "you are behaving unacceptably. act properly or be a flawed and unloveable being."

 I simultaneously feel ashamed of and repulsed by myself. I do my best to carry my former good will into these negative states because that is what it feels like I should do. this compulsion is my sickness in disguise, wearing a poorly crafted costume of my true self with the intent of decieving and discouraging me. 

god....damnit.

I do not want. I do not want. That is what my feelings are saying to me. I can barely muster the courage to write about it because I believe that anything that will come out of my mouth will somehow be distorted or worthless. If I dare to speak the ugliness of what is inside of me, then it will be too late. I'm too incompetant to deal with opening my own pandora's box. I'll fuck myself over and be giving these feelings power.

But they already have power. Enormous and intense power that renders me powerless. And as long as I don't face and express what is inside of me, my mind will run and hide from it by creating dreams of drama and distraction to lose myself in. I don't want to face my true self because the reason she left me in the first place was because she was too scared to come out. She left the ego in her place to run her life for her and create illusion after illusion to disguise the pain that couldn't be faced.

But even when denied with such intensity, there is always the background despair and dis-ease that finds it's way into all of the seemingly innocent things she does. 


I feel so fightened and alone.

What if I do want to leave? This isn't going to be the merry and sunshine I told myself it would be if this is what had to happen.

Face these feelings. They're not going to go away.

What will happen if you really do feel like you're being manipulated and taken advantage of?
You will feel that way and honor it by allowing it to be what it is.

What will happen if I realize that it's true?
Then you will be taught a very painful life lesson.

I don't know what is true any more. I don't feel like I can trust my thoughts any more. I don't see how this situation could really make sense without discounting my own perception.



THE CASE STUDY OF MY DYSFUNCTIONAL LIFE.



I have a feeling that I'm in an abusive cult like relationship but I feel like I feel ashamed to have these thoughts. 
I have no reference points to verify what is real about my experience in this relationship.
I have no social support in my life and when entering this relationship, I felt inclined to isolate myself within it.
Supposively, we are sharing an "enlightened" approach on how to behave.
My are not important because I'm not 

I can't believe this could happen to me. I've been in insane denial about this and the childhood I had which shaped me to fall into this trap.
Because I believe this couldn't really happen to me, I feel responsible. If something isn't right, and it absolutely couldn't be the situation... it must be myself.
I feel so scared, hurt, and ashamed and because I've allowed this to happen to myself, I don't have anybody in my life I can talk to about this. 
I don't know what to do. I'm asking myself if I'm making it all up because that's what we've both been telling myself for 2 years. I remember believing that. And even being happy... I think. 

I can't talk to my partner about this because it's not okay. This would be very bad news and talking about it would only result in him telling me that I'm erroneous in my thinking. I know that I'm messed up. I had a traumatic adolesence, then rebellious and drug addicted teens, and now I find myself living in another state where I have no life other than a job, living with someone who 

oh, but we've had crazy experiences together. exploring ourselves and our realities. he's gifted and charismatic when it comes to metaphysical and consciousness related subjects and I've always been a seeker and a highly sensitive person. not to mention the number of consciousness altering drugs I've heavily experimented with over the last three years. when I see myself operating free of any mind and soul bending beliefs and emotional bondages, my true self is quite a sight to behold. creativty flows from the deepest dimension of my being and I communicate my higher empathetic self when I speak.

the problem is that I don't see her very often. I've been on a path of discovering myself for as long as I can remember and it was only once I started to break against the denial I've held on to since my childhood that I could allow my true self to be. I grew up and went through puberty stuck at home and became the scapegoat for my family's dysfunction. they pulled me out of school because I was having trouble adjusting to the changes of moving to another country, and the crumbling of my parents' relationship. I was already a problem child but the role escalated out of control after I spent years isolated at my family's home with no real friends or support I could talk to. My parents pretended that I was homeschooled but they never actually taught me anything and left the responsibility of schooling to myself. I was so depressed and feeling so horrible about everything that I genuinely attempted suicide multiple times. My parents were shocked but in denial. After one occasion when I ate 27 aspirins in secret, I was discovered by my dad when I violently had to throw them up. I was bedridden for a day and my entire family treated me nicely. A couple days after the event, my father briefly explained to me that the reason I felt the way I did was because "depression is an illness... sort of like getting a cold." 
  I had no privacy in my house because privacy was a priveledge to be earned. My parents were very distrustful of me because of the way I would use the internet because I had an uncontrollable urge to talk to my online friends since they were the only safe people to talk to. My parents despised this and would take my internet away as a constant punishment and for week or monthlong stretches of time. Being too depressed to try and homeschool myself, I spent a lot of time doing absolutely nothing. I felt trapped and inprisoned.


It seemed that I was in constant violation of my family's moral code and until I accepted their judgement, I would not recieve their love. Love had nothing to do with considering a persons feelings in my household or validating what they had to say. Being loved was being good or being right. Even my three older brothers were never a genuine source of support. They allied with my parents against me and would spy and enforce the rules of the house. I remember how I felt about my treatment while it was happening. I was so angry and self righteous in believing that I shouldn't be treated this way. It was a scam. The way I was being treated was what caused my bad behavior that justified the way I was being treated. It was a horrible cycle and eventually I just stopped hanging around to endure it any more. It had gotten to such a point that it all felt pointless and I didn't care any more.

I made myself forget what really happened and how it made me feel. I unconsciously avoided and refused to admit that it effected me so much. I downplayed to myself and when I wondered why I felt so screwed up and unhappy, I didn't even know. There was obviously something wrong with me and the proper thing to do was to hide it from the world and from myself. These layers of denial were so thick and effective that I really had no idea what was going on. I started looking for something in life, not really knowing what it was.
 I guess my parents were trying to break me down into obedience or punish some sense into me so that I could see what they wanted me to see. I never did and I never could even though I tried. I couldn't cope with having to discount my feelings and perception in order to be acceptable to them.

When I reached 16, I started spending as much time as I could away from my family. I'd hold a job and hang out with other eccentric and emotionally damaged people that I felt safe with. To say I did drugs would be an understatement. All I really cared about was doing drugs and I didn't even care what kind of high it was as long as being high on it made me feel better than when I was sober. I had a lot of different habits and I wasn't particular about any one of them.
. I'd get high the most with my best friend and our friendship was extremely codependent. We had a good deal in common, like the way we were precocious intellectually. We had dynamite conversations about the nature of things and their depth. Both of us were black sheep in the eyes of our parents and some of our peers so our interactions and our relationship really <u>only made sense in context to itself</u>.

He was in love with me and drugs and I was in love with drugs. I ended our friendship when I turned 18. I felt too guilty for the way we enabled one another and he depended on me emotionally. I was not a good person to depend on emotionally. I was so wrapped up in my own escapist fairy tale that while I felt guilty for how I was living my life, my denial was still more important.

When I met the first guy I actually really fell in love online when I was 17, 

We started out with a "you+me vs the world" 



, and I felt incredibly wronged over and over again. 





My mother was psychotically unhappy and I see striking parallels in how we handle our lives. 

I don't know how to have a normal relationship. Infact, when I've briefly been initiated into them in the past, I painfully and shamefully removed myself from the possibility of a healthy life and moved back to be with my boyfriend.











I'm looking for some kind of certainty outside of myself. Nothing I read that resonates with me is enough to help me come to a stance. I feel so much guilt for being in this place. For feeling this way. I'm so scared of what will happen if I leave. 