you are all that matters. don't worry about him.. don't worry about what he does. it does not matter. if one day we even got back together, it would be based on a solid foundation of understanding and trust - a real relationship. not what we have right now. this is not a good relationship, so don't even think of it as one. we aren't together enough for me to even be concerned. and a question to take into account - is he even capable of being to you what you wish him to be? of truly loving you and seeing you as more than just an accessory to himself? valid questions. valid concerns.

what matters more than anything is that you take care of yourself. and I say that with utmost.. compassion. because you need it. you need to seperate yourself from all those things that make you feel bad about yourself.. weak, pathetic, or unloveable. because it's false. it's all illusions. I want to take care of you.

what's imperative is that I see myself through my own eyes and no one elses. only I can give myself what I need. all I ultimately want for myself is an honest life based around the truth of who I am and how I relate to the world around me. I want to finally implement and study all the things I've learned from krishnamurti.

I want to spend mornings in bed with my cat, composing songs in head.. and get a job to aquire a car - my dream of freedom. meditate daily and achieve true peace. master my waking and sleeping world. I want to read all those books that are going to enlighten and change me. and you can do all of it. I believe in you. because inside my head, it's my world, it's my domain. I assume full responsibility for all my thoughts and ideas and actions. It's all me, baby. 

I'm not going to forget any of this.

You need to learn how to be happy alone. simply enough, you need to learn how to be happy with yourself. the past is a trap if you live in it. it's only there for you to learn from it. I'm going to improve myself lovingly. kindly. effectively. there is no right and wrong with you.. there is only what makes you happy.



"Sometimes I feel like my life is a rigged game, and the determining cards are seen only by the hands of the bluffing god betting away my reality."