okay.. god. I got home a while ago but I've been slowly and retardedly just being an exhausted zombie, charging my phone and trying to get my internet to work in the mean time.


my friend steve picked me up with a couple other people I sorta know

we hung out at his house for a few hours, drinking and smoking pot.. jus chillin

well apparently since most of the people I know somehow know eachother, this kid I was telling you about called one of these kids and told him I was hanging out with him.. so this kid just comes over

at this point, we're all pretty drunk, stoned, and having a good  time..  so this kid just shows up totally unexpected by me because he wants to see me and is kinda being a faggot. I didnt really care because this was a group event and I pretty much for the most part just ignored him and everything was casual.

anyway, the night went on like whatever and towards the end of it, we're all pretty drunk including my friend steve who was supposed to drive me home. he doesn't want to drive in the condition he's in, (stupid fucker) and he suggests he just wants to pass out for a few hours before he takes me back home on his way to work. 

this other kid was all gung ho about taking me home though because he wanted to spend... what he called, quality time with me where we could talk one on one. he hears that I'm leaving saturday tonight and is being a fucking emo crybaby about it because he hates his life and hes acting like I'm being a bad friend and I owe it to him to make him feel better. at this point, I defended myself saying really simple shit like ugh...

"its my life, fuck you. stop being such a homo." in more diplomatic words... anyfuckingway, the kid whos driving me back (my friend steve) wants to pass out and I'm pretty drunk and high at this point so I'm gonna sleep the intoxication off in this kids spare bedroom and that all goes nice and peachy since I just dodged this other fuckface.

(my phone was long dead at this point)

so I had set an alarm and when it woke me up I went to see if this kid steve was ready to go to work so I could get out of there and I find him still sleeping.. I wake this motherfucker up and hes flipping out about how hes going to be late for work and how I need to find someone else to drive me. the only other kid whos up and able to take me is... you guess.




he was holding the fact that I'm no longer friends with him against me, the fact that I'm leaving.. the fact that I don't call his ass. it was sooooo



could love just be an accidental side effect of any existing consciousness?