I've been in the throes of a codependent relationship with a man for over two years since i left home. I was 17 when it began, and I'm approaching 20 as I write thiis. I have left my home, family, friends, and state to live with him in a town 


don't hold expectations no matter what you do.


important: I need to heal.
what is the best way to heal? in a close knitted relationship or stepping boldly out into the world?
I don't feel like I can have both. (why?)
I've done many wrong things for the right reason and many right things for the wrong reasons.
we depend on eachother for our lives. depend on one another to grow.
idea in my head: to make peace with myself, I must grow through communication with others and be honest.
honesty to self is of highest priority - honesty about feelings. I feel that its harder to be honest when I'm alone. = CRUTCH?
but is trying to learn how to channel my true nature the best idea in such an isolated and intiminate relationship? (fear: I am not safe.)


Dear Vera Nadine,

Thank you for the extension on the discount. Little did I know that powerful things were set in motion to happen inside of me while I was anxiously awaiting the opportunity to communicate with you. My perspective has been completely overhauled these last few days and that caused me to postpone asking you my question - I was too busy answering my own! So I am very grateful that you gave me the chance to sit on this on this for a little longer. The change inside of me has been one of deciding to take responsibility for myself and owning my actions and choices. Because of that, I think I will be more receptive to any guidance you can provide.

I'm at a point in my life where I'm starting to finally face all of the denial and spiritual issues I've held on to for years. I never truly understood it and I would always look outside of myself for the answer and lose my self in the process. But now my awareness of what I've been doing and the programming I aquired from my childhood has never been clearer and I see that my new purpose in life right now is to heal and stop creating descruction and pain in my relationship with self and others.

I live with my boyfriend far away from my old life and we have a beautiful relationship with infinite potential as well as a very dark history filled with the difficulties and conflict my unconscious childhood pain has brought inbetween us. I've been considering leaving him because our relationship has brought out my darkest moments, but at other times, it shines light upon them. There is love but a part of me resists the idea of me staying. I don't know if it's my pain or my intuition  that is trying to guide me but I am finally willing to sift through all of the illusions to find the truth. I've uncovered that it's not so much a question of *leaving* like I thought it was, but a pressing urgency to understand where it is I really want to go.

So my question is...
"What change or decision should I set in motion so that I can become more conscious and find my true path?"

I'm sorry for the poor phrasing of my issue and my question. It's very spiritual in nature and I don't feel like I can sum it up with a simple question like "how is my karma doing?".... lol... or maybe I could and the way I take this all so seriously won't let me.

In case you needed to know, my order number is  "#1027" in my email confirmation and I happily await to hear from you and from the forces in our universe that have a little bit more perspective about the process of my life than I do!

Blessings and gratitude,

Galina





What should I consider important to understand when making future choices that will impact not just my life, but the lives of those around me? What do I need to see or believe in for these choices to make themselves?




, But the part of me that hurts (which may not be the same part of me that wants to heal) urges me to consider deciding between staying here and leaving/leaping into the unknown deeply. I need to make a conscious choice in order to get conscious results and the last thing I want to do any more is decieve myself on the matter.

one we both depend on for growth and inspiration for life. 


While this has become the motive of my higher consciousness and I've been awaking, I realize the difficulty of what's happening inside of me. When I'm unconscious, it's an epic battle between my mind and my soul that destroys everything in it's wake. Including the overall health of a relationship I'm in. As I was realizing that I wanted things to change with how I was, I constantly projected my pathology onto my partner and we have a lot of history of rockiness. But underneith and past it all, when I am truly myself and free from the past, our connection can be magical and empowering. We delight and share with eachother in a way that transcends our personhood and the illusion of social duality. His presence awakens me and his clarity can guide me back to truth. And he loves me truly.



When I was

There is a big world out there, I know and I'm at the point in my life where I want to explore it and myself while healing from my spiritual poverty.

Our connection is a once in a lifetime opportunity and we are both special people on a quest to empower ourselves. 

Can you help me understand the ways I'm looking at this that may be decieving me or disempowering me?