In the vast space of ectoplasmic being, a day to be remembered came forward. This beautiful realm contained all of God's love, and his children knew of their beauty and grace. Each one of them was perfection in the eye's of love, and they were all aware of this. The tasks of life were all joyful because life itself is joyful and all of the spiritual beings werre expressions of this. They danced and sang, but no matter what they did, all their purely intended actions were God's will and God's will was good.

One spiritual being was called forth to a great task, one that only they were perfectly worthy for. The task at hand was to be born onto Planet Earth so that they could demonstrate the beauty and the power of God's love through through the transformation of nothingness into God. 



Things I Must Change:

							* my limiting beliefs that allow me to deny what it is I want
							* my priorities
							* my mental and physical wellbeing

what priority could ever come before my own wellbeing? only a false priority that is not MY OWN.  in order to be able to pursue and ascertain what is important to me, my mental and physical health must NOT be in jeopardy. 

if I am wounded spiritually, emotionally, or physically, my utmost priority must be to HEAL. even if there are other things that FEEL more important to me, when I try to handle them in a compromised state, those situations AND my wellbeing only become MORE compromised. 

I have learned that I do not need to place blame to understand that this relationship is detrimental to me. I cannot trust myself to become involved in it as long as my unhealthy compulsive behaviors are activated through involvement of any kind. I am not going to be able to be involved in a healthy relationship until I first work on the relationship I have with myself. 

I have faltered again and again. And every time, the only thing I can do is pick myself back up again. Falling down must be expected. I want to make a change that is going to be very difficult for me to get used to and relapses are not surprising.  It's important however to be objective and self aware about the things in my life that are reinforcing my old identity and holding me back.

I have the right to not feel guilty for making sure I get my needs met. My sanity depends on it and anybody who challenges my right to do this, does not see my personal wellbeing as important. 

I cannot keep my sanity if I am becoming enmeshed and entangled in my relationship partner's needs.



somethings I'm interested in doing:

becoming a published artist
hiking/being around nature
loving my cats, starting a saltwater nano
building a website
journalling every day
getting my car fixed
feeling free to pursue my art
eating healthy and being healthy
exercising and glorifying my body
getting therapy
meditating (with nature)
having my own money and independence
decorating and awesome-ifying a room as my own
not blaming or being shamed by mike=I'm  just doing what I need to do for myself. I need to be my own parent.
having free (from stress) time to read books


a stable life is something a lot of people take for granted. they take it for granted the same way you take electricity and running water for granted until you go camping for a week. as soon as you get home, the first thing you want to do is take a wonderful SHOWER and then lay down in your comfy bed and just go AHHH! it's good to be home.




